MATT: Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical
Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors
sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons.
(cheering)
MATT: Before we get into tonight's story, welcome.
We have some quick announcements to do. First off,
we have two fantastic sponsors for the evening.
Returning for the second week for the newly
released game, Far Cry 5.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: So good.
MATT: It's out for PS4, Xbox One, and PC. The
latest installment of Far Cry, if you guys aren't
familiar with it, is set in the fictional Hope
County, Montana, where a fanatical doomsday cult
known as the Project at Eden's Gate has taken
control. If you are playing it or plan to play it,
you'll probably hear me and Marisha somewhere in
that cult, I'm sure, or scattered in the game at
some point.
TRAVIS: You're cultists?
LAURA: I've always known that about you.
MARISHA: It's my true destiny, yeah.
MATT: I got to work on my Montana for that one. It
was fun. It strangely is. Sorry, Montana. Grab
your sidekick, train your dog, and fight against
Eden's Gate in the most Far Cry way possible,
which is with extreme force, so pick up a copy
today. Hope you enjoy.
TRAVIS: The prologue is so good it is currently
encompassing Brian Wayne Foster's life.
MATT: This game is a lot of people's lives. I've
watched people vanish over the past couple days.
LIAM: Raving about it. It's only been out for five
seconds, and everyone's gaga.
MATT: Yeah. Jess Black in the game is voiced by
our friend of the show Julie Nathanson. She is
amazing and you should enjoy her work in there as
well. That's our first sponsor for the night. Our
second sponsor and our continuous sponsor for this
new campaign, our friends at D&D Beyond.
(cheering)
SAM: Here to talk to you about D&D Beyond is a
returning friend of the show.
(laughter)
MATT: No! No, why?
SAM: Bonzai, wave hogs and hog-ettes, it's Brody
Slater, king of the kick-flip, jamming about the
froobs at D&D Beyond. You all know I love letting
my leash out on maxed shore breaks at Steamer
Lane. Real bang! When I'm not flashing the shaka
at some quimby on a softboard, I'm chillaxing with
my buds with some gnarly roleplaying games. Now,
I'm partial to Dead Earth, Empire of Satanis, and
F.A.T.A.L.-- slotted!-- but my broheims are hooked
on fifth edition, which means I get stoked for D&D
Beyond. If there's one thing Brody Slater loves
more than shacked eskimo rolls, it's diligent
organization. Right now, you can go to D&D
Beyond's Facebook page and leave a comment on
their top (stammers) pinned post, telling them
your favorite moment for episode 11 of Critical
Role to be entered to win a legendary bundle. Far
out! So don't be a Benny Poser, head on over to
D&D Beyond and enter now. Hang 11!
(cheering and clapping)
LAURA: Wait, leave it on, because you kind of look
like Estelle Getty.
(laughter)
MATT: If Shakäste comes back later on, you can
play his spiritual weapon.
LIAM: That made me uncomfortable so fast.
MATT: The character didn't click until he said he
played F.A.T.A.L., and then I was, oh, I know who
this is now.
SAM: I don't even know what that is, I looked it
up.
MATT: Don't. It's awful. It's the worst.
TRAVIS: Is that the third time we've had him? In
our lifetime?
SAM: Fan favorite. And by fan, I mean me.
(laughter)
MATT: Thank you, Sam.
SAM: I'm a fan of my own character.
TRAVIS: Like Halley's Comet, you always come
around.
MATT: Thank you, Sam, and thank you to D&D Beyond
for being awesome supporters of the show. A couple
quick things after that. First off, reminding you
guys about Twitch Prime. If you have an Amazon
Prime account, you can connect it to your Twitch
account, and every month you can subscribe for
free to a channel of your choice. Whether that'd
be us or anybody else you'd want to show some love
to, costs you nothing and it's pretty awesome, so
do it if you haven't. If you need a recap for
campaign two, we're doing our Critical Recap
episodes now with our fantastic Dani Carr, who is
doing succinct updates and reminders for things
that have happened in the campaign, or if you've
missed something and don't have the time and want
to watch live, you can watch Critical Recap and be
right ready to go when you’re here on Thursday.
LAURA: Right ready to go.
TALIESIN: Right ready.
MATT: Talks Machina, of course, is every Tuesday
evening. We just had our WonderCon panel that we
did this past Sunday on Tuesday night for Talks,
and it's online. You can go watch it on Youtube
now. Again, Geek and Sundry Youtube, should be up
there to watch it. But the episode of Talks for
tonight's episode will be next Tuesday at 7pm
Pacific with our fantastic host Brian W. Foster.
Please come join those of us who will be here, and
enjoy.
LAURA: My mom called me today, and she's like,
“I'm watching you in the WonderCon panel.” I was
like, oh no. What did I say?
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I think your language was actually pretty
good.
LAURA: Was it?
TRAVIS: Yeah.
MATT: We kind of had to. Yeah, on the back of the
name cards, it says, “Please don't ever say bad words."
TRAVIS: We still dropped a few.
MATT: Yeah. I mean, we're only human.
MARISHA: We do our best.
MATT: True. Most of us. Except for Taliesin.
TALIESIN: Thank you.
MATT: The podcast of last week's episode, episode
11, is available for download, so if you listen to
the show audibly or have friends who do, they can
download it now, where finest podcasts can be
downloaded. C2E2 is coming up! Not this weekend,
but the weekend after, in Chicago. We're all going
to be there. We have panels, signings, all of the
information is up on the website now. You can find
it on the Geek and Sundry Twitter or the Critical
Role Twitter if you're wondering what is happening
and where to go. We'd love to see you. Please come
and be a part of the crazy convention. It's
probably going to be pretty crazy.
SAM: Is it?
MATT: It's pretty big and there’s a lot of people
going.
TRAVIS: Chicago is a tiny town, though. There's
not really a lot that's there. It's a couple
trains or little puddle-jumper flights to get
there.
LIAM: Are you pre-rolling your goddamn dice now?
TRAVIS: It was one roll!
LAURA: It's true love, baby.
MARISHA: There was definitely more than one. It
was at least two or three.
MATT: We're watching you like a hawk now, man.
TRAVIS: Never again.
MATT: Also, our fantastic friends at 826 and
826LA; they're a great charity. They do wonderful
stuff for children in creative writing. Please go
ahead and check out what they do, see if you can
help support it or actually be a volunteer if a
chapter is near you, so check it out. We love them
and you should do so too. I don't think we have
any new merch per se other than just the reminder,
you have that wonderful shirt.
LAURA: Oh, this shirt?!
MATT: It looks good on you even when you're
preggers.
LAURA: Thank you.
SAM: Even better.
LAURA: This is our first maternity shirt.
MATT: Officially. Unless we have anything else to
say, I believe that gets us caught up and ready to
dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role.
[click, TV static]
[groovy Critical Role theme]
MATT: Hello and welcome back. Last we left off,
the Mighty Nein had gotten in bed with a rebel
group who had been meeting in the interior of
Zadash. Unhappy with some members of the local
government of this city, they had been trying to
discover a way they could discredit some of the
corrupt individuals that have been causing some
strife in this city to some of the locals. You had
met some of these individuals a few times to
discover that there is an End of Harvest Gala that
was arriving fairly soon. That was going to be a
distraction period to allow them to infiltrate the
abodes of two individuals in particular: Lord
Sutan and the High-Richter Prucine. You discussed
with them last time a plot, fixing their
not-very-well-put-together plot into a better
direction, thankfully.
TRAVIS: We're all fucked.
MATT: --to acquire a wax seal within the home of
Lord Sutan to create a letter that you feel would
be incriminating, then to infiltrate the
High-Richter's home, do the same, and then report
them to the lawmaster, or whoever else you'd think
would be of higher estate. This is transpiring
tomorrow evening. Where we last left off, it was
later in the afternoon after your final
discussion. You guys have a day to prepare however
you wish to.
SAM: A whole day?
LAURA: Well, half a day, and then a whole other
day.
MATT: Mighty Nein, what would you like to do?
TRAVIS: What's the lawmaster's name?
MATT: Orentha.
MARISHA: Dayana Prucine
MATT: That's the High-Richter.
MARISHA: Oh, Orentha.
LAURA: Where are we right now?
MATT: Right now, you guys have just finished
meeting with the other members of the Knights of
Requital in--
TRAVIS: At the Song and Supper Inn
MATT: Song and Supper, yes.
TALIESIN: Previously known as the Knights of
Requital.
EVERYBODY: Right, yes.
MATT: No longer.
TRAVIS: We’ve got to figure out where fucking Lord
Sutan is, right? We don't have any eyes on that location.
MARISHA: I think it might also be smart to see if
we can drum up any type of handwriting samples for
possibly both the Lord Sutan and the High-Richter,
so we can more convincingly forge documents.
TALIESIN: We have Book Boy, too, he could probably
tell if they're the same or not with his--
MARISHA: With his brain.
TALIESIN: With his brain.
MARISHA: With his head.
TALIESIN: Yes. Well, the eyes in it, yes.
LAURA: Wait, what did you say? I wasn't
listening.
SAM: (groans)
LAURA: There was a spiderweb in the corner of the
room and it's really pretty.
MARISHA: You're good at forging, right?
LAURA: Yes, I am! Why do you ask?
MARISHA: We have to get some handwriting samples,
right? Of the Lord and the High-Richter, that way
we can write letters, make it seem like they're--
LAURA: Yes, I’m very good at writing letters.
TRAVIS: Where would we find something that's
handwritten?
SAM: Maybe on the job board at that place.
TRAVIS: Would that come from them, you think?
SAM: I don't know!
LIAM: They might have some sort of edict written
by Prucine.
TRAVIS: Yeah, we didn't really check to see if
they had signed any of them, did they?
TALIESIN: We had them, would we have noticed if
they were hand-signed or if they’d been printed?
MATT: At the job postings you had seen on the task
board outside of the King's Hall, they were
handwritten, but they all had been written by the
Herald of the Hall. He was the one who was
handling most of the jobs that were being
distributed. Whatever information comes to him,
he's the one who posts them, it seems.
LAURA: Well, I guess we we’ll just have to find a
letter within their house, and then I can forge it
right away.
SAM: On the spot? How fast a forger are you?
LAURA: I'm a really quick thinker and I'm also a
pretty fast writer.
SAM: Here, let's test you. I'm going to write down,
(stammering) "Oh, what a goose I am." Copy my handwriting.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: (laughing)
SAM: It's pretty good.
(laughter)
MATT: I was going to make you roll for it, but no,
you got this.
MARISHA: Nott, I think we’re going to need you to
both break in the house and also maybe into some
safe that they have in there.
SAM: Me?
MARISHA: Yeah, you're good at lockpicking.
SAM: Okay. Will I be in there alone?
MARISHA: No, we’ll be with you.
LIAM: We will decide who goes in. I also want to
discuss what exactly we are going to forge before
we go in, because the plan that they laid out for
us was not good.
MARISHA: You can say it.
LIAM: Scheisse is a word for it, but they talked
about making it look like Sutan had broken into
Prucine's home and rolled it. I don't know what
effect that would have on her, so I think maybe we
hatch some sort of conspiracy between the two of
them to assassinate Orentha, so we will go to
Sutan's house and we will leave--
SAM: I’m drinking.
MARISHA: Nott, what was the last thing Caleb
said?
SAM: I always listen to Caleb, he's my right-hand
man.
MARISHA: What did he say?
SAM: Poutine.
MARISHA: That’s not what he said, but that is
delicious and now I want some.
LIAM: Follow me please, for a moment. We have to
do our homework first, but after we do homework,
we go to Sutan's, we find this seal, we hold onto
it. We leave fake communication that you will
write that is from the High-Richter, calling for a
hit.
LAURA: But how will we leave something from the
High-Richter if I don't know actually what her
handwriting looks like yet?
TRAVIS: I was thinking, do they have post here in
this city? Someone that comes and picks up mail?
Could we jack some of her fucking outgoing mail?
LIAM: You have stolen mail.
MARISHA: I have.
LIAM: You can do it again.
SAM: You're proficient in mail fraud.
MARISHA: I am definitely proficient in mail fraud.
TRAVIS: What time is it?
MATT: It's later afternoon.
TRAVIS: What's the exact time? No, I'm just
kidding.
MATT: Don't pull a Liam.
MARISHA: There would be a public record somewhere,
right?
LAURA: A public record of her handwriting?
SAM: Well, if she’s issued any sort of royal,
official things, yeah, there should be some sort
of record.
LAURA: She is a judge after all, right?
MARISHA: And generally those public records tend
to need to be open for--
TALIESIN: These are the most intense public
officials I've ever attempted to swindle, so I'm
not entirely sure what we do at this level.
MARISHA: Well, I will say, worst case scenario, we
don't necessarily need to match her handwriting,
but some type of coding, potentially linked back
to her. We can almost mimic it. People who are
doing sneaky things never use their real
handwriting.
TALIESIN: Leave a mark on a tree, etcetera. if you
agree to these terms, and then we leave a mark on
a tree, similar sort of thing.
MARISHA: Sure. Maybe some accounts of the Myriad.
TALIESIN: A bag of gold in a trash receptacle.
TRAVIS: What the fuck are you talking about?
SAM: We're leaving a bag of gold in a trash
receptacle?
TALIESIN: I'm saying that there's nothing to
commit proof other than money actually exchanging
hands. We used money for these things all the time
back in my day. So if that letter asks for some
sort of assurance or some sort of money to be
placed: "Please hire a couple people, you can
leave some money in this location for them," and
if they find that money, then they know they
actually consented and agreed to this whole
argument.
LAURA: This is very complicated.
SAM: Extremely.
TALIESIN: It isn't that complicated.
TRAVIS: What if we divide our forces for now and
try to find that handwriting sample? One of us
goes and looks for the post, the other one tries
to find those public records.
LAURA: What if I go find the High-Richter and ask
for her autograph?
SAM: Like you'd be a fan?
LAURA: Yeah!
TALIESIN: I don't know if Richters have fans.
TRAVIS: Yeah, she was kind of unpleasant.
LAURA: Really?
TRAVIS: Yeah, she wasn't really about that fan
life.
LIAM: Did not care about your buttons.
LAURA: That’s right. She was vain.
LIAM: The goal to be that we leave something in
Sutan's house that would make it seem that the
High-Richter has ordered a hit on Orentha and we
leave something behind in Sutan's house: fake
communications with the Myriad. So we tie Sutan to
the Myriad, we tie Sutan to Richter, and then at
Richter's house, we leave forged documents, we
have a letter from Sutan with the seal, and also
we leave communication with the Knights,
whatsit--
MARISHA: --of Requital. Where I thought you were
going, Molly, which isn't a bad idea to leave some
sort of money trail, is leave a certain amount of
money with any type of paperwork that might also
be mentioned in a document in the adjacent house.
So paranoid rich people are always paranoid rich
people, right? So they always have these safes
filled with documents.
LAURA: Oh yes, we had one of those at our house.
MARISHA: Were you guys paranoid?
LAURA: Well, no, we just had a lot of secrets.
(silence)
MARISHA: Yeah.
TALIESIN: I'm baffled by the notion of building a
box inside of a larger box inside of a larger box
to hold papers, but fine.
SAM: Step one is: find documents. This is the most
exciting thing we’ve ever done.
MARISHA: We also need to find where Lord Sutan
lives.
SAM: Oh! So find addresses and documents!
MARISHA: Correct.
SAM: Ooh! Cue the music.
LAURA: I bet that the people in the Knights--
previously Knights-- they would know where Lord
Sutan lives.
MARISHA: They might even have some sort of
documentation or record. Remember Dolan was saying
that they got ousted from their practice because
of this Lord Sutan. Maybe they already have a
paper trail.
LAURA: Don't we know where Dolan lives?
MARISHA: We do. Nott tracked them.
SAM: I do. I saw their home? He lived--
LAURA: Oh, yes. Harold? Horris.
LIAM: Also, they will put out of businesses, if
possible, they have some sort of paperwork that
would come from the desk of the High-Richter.
TRAVIS: Possibly, but if we go by there, we can't
be seen.
LAURA: We can't be seen. We'd have to be in
disguise, or one of us.
TRAVIS: Or knock on the back door, if such a thing
exists.
TALIESIN: Let's start by talking to our friends
before we start investigating our allies.
LAURA: Yes. Let's go that way.
MARISHA: Do we have any--
LAURA: Go get him, monk.
MARISHA: That's going to be really cool when I can
do that. Really cool. Catch a fly. Anyway, moving
on, that was me.
LAURA: Should we go to Dolan's house?
SAM: All of us?
TRAVIS: Is that how we want to find Lord Sutan's
address?
LAURA: Maybe the Richter's handwriting, too.
MARISHA: I wonder if we can track down Ulog.
TRAVIS: That seems like a good idea.
SAM: One thing at a time.
LIAM: That's another thing-- and we can table
this-- but there is also the possibility that this
is all just a honey trap, and that we’re being
drawn in for as big a fish than the Knights are themselves.
MARISHA: You think we're big fish?
LIAM: Well, I think that they think they are
looking for potentially big fish. I'm not saying
that we are big fish. But we might be walking into
a trap, so eyes on a swivel, is all I’m saying.
TRAVIS: So you're saying Ulog probably is in
trouble and is going to roll over on us in order
to get something taken off of him.
LIAM: Potentially, or any of them. Ulog seems the
shiftiest, but that doesn't mean that he would
necessarily be--
LAURA: Ulog’s probably listening to us right now.
TRAVIS: To Dolan's, then.
SAM: All of us? All right, let's go.
MATT: All right. You guys make your way, following
Nott, who had previously trailed Dolan to the
home, and you eventually find your way to the
outskirts of a very simple-- it’s a hovel, but
only because it's been in disuse for a while.
There is a single front door, it looks to be a
two-chamber home, with one large central main
living space and one bedroom in the back. The roof
itself is made of heavily pressed-together thatch
and stick. As soon as you approach, you can see
that the front door is closed, and you see a
little bit of movement through the window, someone
walking around.
SAM: Who wants to go knocky-knocky?
LAURA: We shouldn't be seen with them.
TRAVIS: Yeah, you said there's no back door,
right? Side windows, anything like that?
SAM: No, I just saw a window and a door. Right?
MATT: From what you saw, yeah.
TRAVIS: Well, it should be one of the three of us,
because that's who they'll know.
LIAM: You two have been speaking to them the
longest.
TRAVIS: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Go do it, Fjord.
LIAM: You are a good talker, Fjord.
TRAVIS: Okay.
SAM: In disguise or as is?
TRAVIS: Yeah, I'm going to fucking change it up.
Is there a little alley that I can pop into before
I head over to his place of residence?
MATT: Yeah, two buildings over, you look off to
the side and there's a small alcove of shade where
you could probably pop in quickly and dispense a
spell without it causing any ruckus.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I cast Disguise Self and I turn back
into that-- black cloak with gold trim, the long
black hair--
MATT: The same figure you brought to the
High-Richter's?
TRAVIS: That's right.
MATT: All right.
MARISHA: I tie my robe.
MATT: Okay.
TRAVIS: Nice.
MARISHA: It's all I've got.
MATT: Doesn't take a spell slot.
LAURA: You're not going up there with him, right?
Because he's in disguise now. You look the same, Beau.
TRAVIS: Yeah, if you look like you--
MARISHA: No, I got that. Yeah.
TRAVIS: We don't want to have them see us going
over there.
MARISHA: Okay, well then you go.
TRAVIS: Cool. All right.
MARISHA: Feel free to give me like a--
TRAVIS: Oh, what's the sign?
LAURA: (screeching bird call)
LIAM: No, that's not it.
TRAVIS: A peacock?
LAURA: I thought that was a hawk.
SAM: (pigeon cooing)
TRAVIS: Was that supposed to be a hawk? A pigeon?
(pigeon cooing)
SAM: (pigeon cooing)
TRAVIS: Fair enough, it's a pigeon. A feral
pigeon.
MARISHA: I'll listen for the pigeon.
LIAM: A peacock is a fancy pet.
SAM: What are we signaling for?
TRAVIS: If there's trouble.
LAURA and SAM: Okay.
TRAVIS: All right.
MARISHA: There's a signal, we have one.
TRAVIS: I walk over to Dolan's house.
MATT: All right. Knock on the door?
LIAM: What happens if a pigeon goes by?
(laughter)
SAM: A flock of pigeons come down.
LIAM: (spell noises)
MATT: All right. As you knock on the door, there's
a pause, and you see out of the corner of the
window, the edge of a face peek out there, and
then disappear behind, and a voice goes, "Who is it?"
TRAVIS: Yes, it is-- I bring word from the Mighty
Nein. May I come in, please?
MATT: You hear some rustling, some unlocking
process, and the door opens up and you can see
Horris opens the door and Dolan's behind. "Yes,
please, come in." Looks just past you as you enter
the building and they close the door behind you.
TRAVIS: Is there anyone in the room that I don't
see besides Horris and Dolan?
MATT: It's just the two of them at the moment.
MARISHA: Do I see-- sorry.
TRAVIS: I'll drop the disguise.
MATT: Okay. They both pause for a second. "Oh,
wow, all right, you are as skilled as they say, it
seems. That's pretty useful."
TRAVIS: I apologize. We realize that after you--
(drawl) I apologize.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: After we finished speaking, we realized we
weren't aware of where Lord Sutan resided.
MATT: "Oh, right. His abode-- he lives in the
Gilded Willows in the Tri-Spires."
MARISHA: Knew that much.
MATT: "He's, I would say, not too terribly far
from the Skyscape Park and where the Constellation
Bridge tower stands. It's a three-story house,
dark wood, gold leaf carving. It's a bit gaudy,
hard to miss amongst some of the other ones there,
although all of them are gaudy in their own right.
Look for the three-story, iron-gated, dark
greenwood building in that vicinity."
TRAVIS: Great. Will do. Another thing that we
realized-- in our efforts to frame and forge,
which are vast, you don't happen to have any
handwriting from Lord Sutan, do you?
MATT: "Unfortunately, no, most lords are very
careful with documentation transfer back and
forth, they usually go through direct parcel
services."
TRAVIS: There was nothing that ousted you from
your business, any sort of receipt, or--
MATT: "Oh, no. (chuckles) Nothing that was
directly from his hand, at least. They usually go
through intermediaries for that purpose."
TRAVIS: Is there anyone else in the area that we
should know that he does business with, that he
might communicate with regularly?
MATT: "I mean, that would be the one that replaced
us--" And he nudges over to Horris on the side.
"That would be--" I had that written down.
Somewhere in here. Oh, shit, it's my older notes.
TRAVIS: There's a pen pal. And finding out who the
pen pal is--
MATT: Exactly.
SAM: (pigeon cooing)
MARISHA: This is really good all to know. Now
we're getting all this information.
LAURA and SAM: (as pigeons) High-Richter!
TRAVIS: No, there's no fucking pigeons.
LAURA: (as pigeon) High-Richter's handwriting!
MATT: "I believe it's Ren Sutan."
TRAVIS: Ren Sutan.
MATT: "Yes." If not, the Internet will correct
me.
SAM: Ren Sutan is his name?
TRAVIS: That's who he wrote to, though.
LAURA: Oh, I thought Sutan was a title, like Lord
Lord Lord.
MATT: "Oh, no, Lord Diedric Sutan is his name,
Ren--"
TRAVIS: It's who he wrote to.
MATT: "Ren is his son who he placed to destroy and
take over our practice."
TRAVIS: Well, he sounds like a real son of a
bitch.
MATT: You hear Horris, off to the side, arms
crossed now, hearing all this, goes, "Yeah, you
could say that."
TRAVIS: This Ren Sutan, any idea where we might be
able to find him?
MATT: They both look at each other, and you watch
as Dolan glances out the window. "Not that far
outside of the Apple Tree Tutorship vicinity, you
will find a white and peach building, with a few
banners in the front, and that's Ren's new
practice."
TRAVIS: A physician also.
MATT: "Yes."
TRAVIS: A dark physician, most likely, hmm?
MATT: "I mean, sure." He looks confused.
(laughter)
MATT: "Dark physicianry I guess is an issue in
some parts of the world, I suppose?"
TRAVIS: Yeah, rampant where I'm from. Just real
fucking dark.
MATT: He looks back at Horris. Horris is like,
"Right. Well, if you come across any dark
physicianry, please do your best to quell it where
it... seeds."
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Indeed I will. Indeed.
MATT: "Thank you."
TRAVIS: You probably will not be hearing from us
again before the task is done.
SAM and LAURA: (as pigeons) High-Richter!
TRAVIS: No.
LAURA: (as pigeon) We need it more! High-Richter!
(laughter)
TALIESIN: I keep trying to make a sound, it's just
nothing's working.
TRAVIS: Was I supposed to say stuff about the
High-Richter?
MARISHA: I don't know, I'd say take the
foot-in-mouth signal.
LAURA: We need the handwriting of the High-Richter
more than Lord Sutan's handwriting.
MATT: You're not there.
LAURA: (exasperated sound)
(laughter)
SAM: We blew it.
LAURA: Fuck! (as pigeon) High-Richter!
SAM: (as pigeon) High-Richter!
TRAVIS: Thank you. We won't trouble you any
longer.
MATT: "No worries. I suppose since-- Tomorrow
evening, when everything's set to go, me and
Horris, Kara, we're not going to be present when
all of this goes down, so we have deniability when
we turn our information in for this whole
endeavor, but I think Ulog and you guys should
meet on the outside of the tavern that we met at
earlier today to kick this off."
TRAVIS: Song and Supper Inn.
MATT: "You got it."
TRAVIS: Mm-hmm.
MATT: "Well good luck, and--"
MARISHA: (drawl) Mustard. Biscuits.
LIAM: (drawl) You're just a little feller, you
oughtn’t talk like that.
TRAVIS: Lock that door behind me, and I leave.
MATT: All right. Locks the door.
SAM: How did it go?
LAURA: Did you get the handwriting?
TRAVIS: Stupid pigeons.
SAM and LAURA: Did you get the handwriting of the
High-Richter?
TRAVIS: Yeah, but I'm not sharing it. Yep. Got it.
Got it, no problem. Read it, looked at it, I
understand what it looks like. Let's go.
(laughter)
LAURA: Fjord, we need it. Really bad.
TRAVIS: Nope, sorry, not going to help you.
LAURA: Did you not get it?
MARISHA: What did they say, though?
TRAVIS: A whole bunch of stuff, but I can't say it
around them, I just won’t, out of principle.
MARISHA: Okay. All right. Yep.
LIAM: Yeah, but actually do you think you could go
back and say that you forgot to ask a question?
LAURA: Just say, hey, the whole point of this was
to find the High-Richter's handwriting as well,
and maybe--
LIAM: I understand that these two are really
busting your balls, and I commiserate with that,
but we do need in fact to ask.
TRAVIS: Now, see, if you ask nicely, yeah, things
will ha-- I walk back up to the door.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Knock-knock-knock.
MATT: The eye peeks through the window once
again.
TRAVIS: One more thing.
MATT: (door opening)
MARISHA: I'm keeping an eye out for anyone
watching.
TRAVIS: Totally forgot to ask, you don't happen to
have any handwriting from the High-Richter do you?
MATT: "No, that would make this a lot easier."
TRAVIS: Yeah, I know.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Great.
MATT: "Sorry."
TRAVIS: Have a good day.
MATT: "You too." (door closing)
TRAVIS: No. None.
LIAM: Okay, well, we checked that box off, so now
we have to get to work.
SAM: We got some good information, we got Sutan's
address and Ren's address.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Blah blah blah, Ren's address and
the address. Now you got it.
SAM: Oh my god!
MARISHA: Oh, and it's super interesting--
LAURA: Whoa, that is really good, Fjord, you did a
really good job in there.
MARISHA: Also super interesting that they
mentioned having other people do their work for
them. (pause) Okay, let's go!
TRAVIS: Was that mentioned?
MARISHA: He said they have other people do parcel
service and stuff for him.
TRAVIS: Oh, okay, yeah, that. Blah.
MARISHA: See?
SAM: So you're saying that we could use other
handwriting as well, and it wouldn't be out of the
ordinary, as long as it beared the signature and
seal of said place?
MARISHA: Well maybe not even a signature. Most
people trying to be smart about not getting caught
aren't probably like my name and social security
number.
LAURA: What if we get some parchment that says
from the home office of Lord Sutan?
SAM: Ooh, a letterhead.
MARISHA: You want stationery, sure.
TALIESIN: Beyond actual, personal stationery. I
think the notion would be is that you would
actually send your actual handwriting in something
like this because that way they would know that it
was you. You would be very careful how and who you
would send that through. You wouldn't want a
second person taking dictation as you plotted to
overthrow the government.
MARISHA: Okay well how about this, I think the
seal is going to be good; I think any type of
money amount mentioned in any of the letters and
then we cross that and leave that type of amount
of gold in the-- like there's been a money hand
off.
TRAVIS: We're getting ahead of ourselves. Let's
stay on task. Let's head to the Gilded Willows
where in the Tri-Spire, where the fucking
Scottsdale party-- What do these notes say,
Skyskate Park and Constellation Boulevard.
LIAM: Knotts Berry Farm.
SAM: Constellation Bridge.
TRAVIS: Yeah that thing.
MATT: Constellation Bridge tower and Skyscape
Park.
MARISHA: In between Adventureland and
Frontierland.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Yeah, I was writing real fast.
TALIESIN: It's good there's a bathroom on the way
to that. That works out well.
MARISHA: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
SAM: So we're going there with the express purpose
of--?
TRAVIS: Just recon. We're trying to see what this
place looks like, if we can see Lord Sutan. Then
we'll make a decision if we go after his son or
not. Who maybe has some of his handwriting.
SAM: That's in the Tri-Spire. So we need to go
through the sewers to get there.
TALIESIN: Maybe a birthday card.
LAURA: Or we can go up, a few of us, through the
actual front gates and then meet up with everyone.
MARISHA: Okay, well how about half of us go to
Lord Sutan's and half of us go check out Ren's.
TRAVIS: Sure.
LAURA: Okay.
SAM: What are we looking for at Ren's?
TRAVIS: Handwriting.
SAM: Okay, from his papa.
TRAVIS: And see if Ren's a son of a bitch. Yeah.
SAM: Okay.
MARISHA: I'll go to check out Ren.
TRAVIS: Yeah me too, because I can't make it
through the gates.
LAURA: Oh.
SAM: I don't think anyone can make it through the
gates, except for you.
TRAVIS: That's what I was wondering what you were
talking about.
TALIESIN: I thought we were going to take the
sewer to get in there.
LAURA: I thought Beau might be able to get through
the gates, actually.
MARISHA: I could get through the gate.
LAURA: Huh?
TRAVIS: Because she's got a cloak now.
LAURA: Yeah and it's not a magical disguise.
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: Cool.
MARISHA: I'll go check out-- yeah.
LAURA: Okay.
TRAVIS: Caleb, where you want to go buddy?
LIAM: I will go to Sutan's.
TRAVIS: Wait, they're both Sutan.
LIAM: No, the elder, I'm sorry.
SAM: Will you be able to get in?
LIAM: Not without you. You'll come with me?
SAM: We'll sneak on in through the sewers?
LIAM: Well how do you want to do it?
SAM: They're talking about going straight in
through the gate because they're, you know, respectable.
LAURA: (distraught) Well it's such a thing to get
into the sewers. We have to make a distraction and
everything, every time.
TALIESIN: Perhaps we should just have a two person
reconnaissance for now.
LAURA: Right.
MARISHA: We can manage ourselves.
LIAM: Okay.
MARISHA: We're good.
LAURA: Yes, we won't get into any trouble.
TRAVIS: Yeah, you won't bring back Clarota or
nothing, it'll be great.
LAURA: We know our way around.
TALIESIN: Too soon.
TRAVIS: Can't be.
MARISHA: We got this, let's go.
TRAVIS: Should we meet back at the Song & Supper
Inn at what, sunset?
MARISHA: What time is it?
LAURA: Or just at the Leaky Tap.
MATT: You got maybe an hour and half to two hours
before sunset.
LAURA: Let's just meet back at the Leaky Tap.
TRAVIS: Okay, fair enough.
SAM: At the Leaky--
LAURA: Yeah.
MARISHA: The Leaky or the Song & Supper? We're
talking about two different-- Leaky Tap.
TRAVIS: Leaky Tap.
MARISHA: Hour and a half, all right.
LAURA: Let's go.
MARISHA: Break.
LAURA: Woo!
MATT: You both make your way toward the Tri-Spire.
As you make your way towards the front entry gates
there, one of the guards posted there is familiar
with you and begins to let you through. As you approach--
MARISHA: I flip it to the blue side, cobalt.
MATT: As you pass through, a few steps behind
Jester, the guard approaches, “Halt. I don't
believe I've seen you through here before."
MARISHA: Oh I'm--
LAURA: She came through earlier. She's with me.
MARISHA: Literally like 24 hours ago.
MATT: "Very well."
MARISHA: Thank you.
MATT: Steps back. You guys make your way,
following the directions to the Gilded Willows.
You see the massive tree-tops that fill out the
skyline from your perspective. Every home seems to
have a row of greenery between. It's a very, very
beautiful neighborhood. You can follow where the
Constellation Bridge Tower as a beacon and as it
guides you towards its area it doesn't take long
for you to see the large, gaudy, three-story
complex that is Lord Sutan's home. You can see the
gold leaf carving along the edges of each of the
various stories in between. The dark green slats
that are there, are coated in some sort of a
lacquer material that almost glistens in the
sunlight as it passes. The sunset colors now
starting to make their way into the cloud-covered
sky. You do see marble pillars at the corner of
the estate's grounds. With iron gates that link
each of them, with about maybe five foot bit of
simple lawn-hill that separates the gap between
the gate and the building itself.
MARISHA: Are the gates chained shut or does it
look like there's a lever?
MATT: Well the gates on all them are solid except
for in the very front and the very back. Both of
them appear to be closed and locked. You do see,
posted at the front of the front door, there are
two crownsguard that are there keeping watch. On
the back end as you case around to the rear side
of the home, there is a singular crownsguard and a
dog that is on a chain.
MARISHA: Two in front. Does it look like there's
any blind spots, any trees that go up and cusp over
the walls?
MATT: Make a perception check.
TRAVIS: Hashtag NBC Blindspot.
MARISHA: Not good. Eleven.
MATT: It's hard to see where any perspective would
be a blind spot. For entry, other than above or
from the sides because the front and back seem
pretty well covered by these guards, as they're
currently posted and standing there. So the only
things that really make sense would be either
flanking the building or something that guides you
over top. That's all you can think of.
LAURA: How high are the buildings next to the
house?
MATT: The one that is immediately to the left of
it is two-story, it's a shorter building. There is
a tree to the immediate right of it that rises up
to about the height, if not a little taller, than
the actual home itself. The building next to it is
another two stories. This one lords over the other
buildings, but there is one large tree that is
about five feet from the edge of the wall.
LAURA: Okay. That seems usable.
MARISHA: It's a big jump but we can do it. It's
not too big.
LAURA: Like a five feet jump?
MARISHA: That's doable, yeah.
LAURA: From, like a swinging branch?
MARISHA: From rooftop to wall.
MATT: It's five feet to the wall, and then about
five feet from the wall to the actual building. So
it's a ten foot from the tree to the roof.
TALIESIN: Could you parkour the wall?
MATT: You could certainly try.
MARISHA: That was what I was thinking, wall to
wall.
SAM: Monk shit.
TALIESIN: I knew you were already there.
MARISHA: Do they look like one of the--
MATT: The gate's about eight feet tall and the
building is three stories. So I mean there are
some roof-edge perches the stories kinda taper
with each additional floor. So there is a small
space, maybe a foot, a foot and a half wide that
you could shoot for. If there was something you
wanted to try but--
LAURA: Are there windows on that side of the
house?
MATT: There are no windows on the base floor, or
at least none that you can see. The second floor
you do see one set of double windows that open.
Though they are currently closed. Those are on the
two side edges of the building.
LAURA: Is there a balcony connected to them?
MATT: No. There's no balcony.
MARISHA: No balcony. So there appear to be--
MATT: The only balcony you saw was in the large
balcony at the front of the High-Richter's home,
but not on this one.
MARISHA: No balcony, okay.
LAURA: So a few guards.
MARISHA: Uh-huh.
LAURA: A dog.
MARISHA: A dog, I like dogs.
LAURA: I love dogs.
MATT: As you glance at the back of the building,
the doors that you see immediately, there is one
set of doors that is the front with the two guards
are. The back where the other gate entrance is,
there isn't another door that leads into the home.
There is a double-cellar door that descends
beneath. That is what is currently being guarded
with a man and the dog.
LAURA: Okay. I wonder if anything would lure the
guards away from the house.
MARISHA: Yeah, maybe a drunk. A drunkard trying to
break in somewhere else?
LAURA: Maybe.
MARISHA: You know, a public disturbance.
LAURA: Maybe a drunk trying to talk to them in the
front of the house or something.
MARISHA: Yeah.
LAURA: Or in the back.
MARISHA: I mean our group is pretty good at
causing distractions.
LAURA: Yeah.
MARISHA: They can do that. That's totally-
LAURA: Some people jump up and over?
MARISHA: Yeah. It's going to have to go fast.
LAURA: Yeah. Oh man. Maybe we could get some rope
and a grapple.
MARISHA: Yeah we could do that.
LAURA: We could throw a grapple for ten feet, I
know that.
MARISHA: Do I have a climber's kit?
MATT: Do you have a climber's kit?
MARISHA: I don't have a climber's kit, but we can
go buy a climber's kit.
LAURA: We can go get a climber's kit.
MARISHA: Yeah. Okay.
TRAVIS: I just got a shit-load of ball bearings.
TALIESIN: I got ball bearings, man.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Guys, let's challenge ourselves. We have
to break in, only using ball bearings.
TRAVIS: Yep.
MARISHA: How do we do it?
MATT: The new D&D nightmare mode.
LIAM: (shiftily) You need some some ball bearings
man?
MATT: You're all level one bards with nothing but
ball bearings, go.
TALIESIN: Call me pinball wizard.
LAURA: We did a good job scouting this place out
and stuff.
MARISHA: Yeah. Do there seem to be any weak
points, any loose bricks in the walls?
MATT: Unfortunately--
MARISHA: As we walk by, I'm playing with the wall,
but I'm testing for weak spots.
MATT: Well the wall is an iron gate. They're all
long, iron fencing gate. There are the marble
pillars at the corner of each one. So it's open,
it's a series of bars.
LAURA: Are they pointy-top iron bars?
MATT: They are. They are poodle impalers.
MARISHA: Oh.
TALIESIN: Yeah that changes things, the
landscape.
MARISHA: I understand now.
TRAVIS: You can see if it hurts your hand if you
touch it.
LAURA: I bet it does.
MARISHA: Oh there's no--
LAURA: Can you stick your fingers through the
bar?
MATT: Do you want to try it?
LAURA: Yeah.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: You die.
MATT: Okay as you place your hand through the
bar--
TRAVIS: No fucking way.
MATT: Nothing happens.
TRAVIS: (laughs) Ah, you son of a bitch.
MATT: No, it's fine.
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: (vaporized noise)
LAURA: Disintegrate.
MATT: Game over.
TRAVIS: Yeah, new character.
LAURA: Oh no.
MARISHA: You know, when I used to hop fences back
where I came from--
LAURA: Mm-hmm?
SAM: Where was that?
MATT: You're not there.
SAM: Oh I'm not there.
(laughter)
MARISHA: If you're ever trying to get over
barbed-wire or any pointy fences, you take a rug
or a bedroll, and you throw it over there, and you
hop over and you--
LAURA: That's personal Marisha experience isn't
it?
MARISHA: Yeah I mean--
TRAVIS: That's some Fight Club shit.
MARISHA: I'm just throwing that out there. It
works.
TALIESIN: A plank of wood will work too.
LAURA: I feel like that would be a really good
idea. I feel like it might be a little noticeable
to carry around a rug.
MARISHA: A bedroll is not too bad.
LAURA: Most people in the Tri-Spire don't carry
around bedrolls.
LIAM: (coo) Haversack (coo).
LAURA: Yes but it's little.
MATT: Shh.
LAURA: You're not there.
SAM: It's not him, it's a pigeon.
MATT: That's true, you're right Sam.
SAM: There's a metagaming pigeon in this.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: (coo) Remember (coo).
MATT: (coo) Bonus action (coo).
(laughter)
TRAVIS: (coo) Hunter's Mark.
MATT: Can we please make the metagaming pigeon a
thing now? I've played with a few in my time.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Turn Undead (coo).
MATT: All right. Anything else you guys want to do
while you're there?
LAURA: I think-- are we good?
MARISHA: Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go.
MATT: Okay. Do you guys want and try for a
climber's kit on your way back?
MARISHA: Sure.
MATT: Okay. It takes a little bit of time to find
a place because some of the shops are starting to
close past sunset. The time it took you guys to
get there, do a full casing and come back the sun
has set and the sky is getting darker. However,
thankfully a climber's kit is not all that
expensive. With a full cost on that-- come on.
Climber's kit-- ha, I was wrong, 25 gold.
MARISHA: (groans)
LAURA: What if we don't want the whole kit, just
the grapple part of it and the rope?
MATT: Just the grappling hook?
TALIESIN: We have rope.
MATT: Two gold.
LAURA: And the rope?
MARISHA: We're just trying out the gym. We're not
fully committed to it yet.
MATT: (laughs) Right, can I get a consultation
first?
LAURA: What is fully included in the climber's
kit?
MATT: (funny voice) Ah, climber's kit includes a lot of things.
(normal voice) Includes special pitons, boot tips, gloves, and a
harness. That's for mountain climbing.
LIAM: CrossFit T-shirt.
MATT: Yeah.
TALIESIN: I have pitons, and a hammer, and rope.
MATT: Some nice core balls you can sit on. Yeah,
so you want a grappling hook and rope? You can get
those. Those are cheaper.
LAURA: Yes that would probably be a good idea.
MATT: Grappling hook is two gold and the rope--
you want silk or hempen?
LAURA: (whispering) The cheaper one.
MATT: That would be hempen, so that's one gold.
SAM: You're probably more familiar with silk
bindings.
MATT: So three gold for a single grappling rope
and rope.
LAURA: That I use for different things.
SAM: Got it.
LAURA: I don't use them at all.
MATT: So mark down that you have a grappling hook
and 50 feet of hempen rope.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: All right. As you guys are accomplishing
that, the rest of you--
LAURA: I'll get rid of-- I'll pay for it.
MARISHA: All right.
MATT: The rest of you, what are you doing?
LIAM: I don't think we want the group to be too
big. Let these two handle this Ren and you and I
will wait at the Leaky Tap and lay low.
SAM: You want to let them go off on their own?
LIAM: We don't want to create-- why do we want a
group--
TRAVIS: You've never heard of safety in numbers
and all that shit?
SAM: They have to break in somewhere, they're going
to be--
TRAVIS: Yeah man. I just figured you'd be a part
of this.
SAM: I mean, I'm with you Caleb. If you don't want
to go then let's go back to the Leaky Tap.
LIAM: No, we're going to break into houses
together. Of course I'm willing to do this. I just
feel like for this-- what are you planning to do?
TRAVIS: Just some simple reconnaissance. See if we
can see Ren, maybe have a conversation with him.
If he's not a total prick, I don't know, maybe
he's got some of his dad's handwriting.
LIAM: Yeah, okay.
SAM: We don't have to go, I don't care.
LIAM: No it's fine.
SAM: It sounds scary to me.
LIAM: No I-- my head is not in the game. We'll go
along.
TRAVIS: Great, we're going to head towards the
Apple Tree Tuneship? What did I write here?
MATT: (laughs) The Tutoring Village.
TRAVIS: Thank you.
MATT: Make an investigation check.
TRAVIS: Oh god. Nine, twelve.
MATT: Twelve, okay. It takes you a little while to
get there. You haven't actually been to the Tutor
Village before.
TRAVIS: 13.
MATT: Okay, same difference. So you manage,
through asking questions and finding your way
around, you manage to get to the Tutor Village
right around sunset. You do see, about one block
over, the large, white-peach building that you had
previously been told by Dolan. You see the sign
up; it's called the Guided Hand Infirmary. It's
one story, but it stretches wide towards the back.
It's like a large shotgun building.
TRAVIS: Guided Hand Infirmary?
MATT: The Guided Hand Infirmary. You can see light
from the interior. There are two windows at the
front, and a row of windows as it continues down
the back of the alley. The alley, you can see,
actually lights up, because the bright interior
warm light reflecting off of the buildings on the
opposite side, down the alley on each parallel end
of it. The building itself seems fairly well made,
there's elements of a plaster material put against
the wood to make it seem a little less cracked and
broken on the vicinity around it. It looks like a
little more money went into this complex than a
lot of the surrounding buildings.
TRAVIS: Right. He's a physician. Well, before we
put a personal touch on it, do you people with
sneaky abilities want to see what you can see in
the windows?
LIAM: Yeah, well, we could send Frumpkin to have a
look around.
SAM: That's a good idea.
LIAM: I send Frumpkin. He will run around the
entire building, if he's able. He's also able to
climb things, so I will get him up on top of
window sills, if he can, to take a look inside.
MATT: As Frumpkin curls up and jumps onto the
windowsill, and you glance through the vision of
your familiar. The first window you come across,
inside, it's a simple room, it’s painted a similar
white, peach color. There's a single bed, maybe
twin size, with a single sheet. You see an
individual who is currently lying on it, with not
quite Caleb dirty clothes, but not an
upperclassman by any means. Upperclassman? Not
what I was going for, that's fine.
TRAVIS: Seniors '99!
(laughter)
MATT: Wooo! Sydney football rules. Weird. But, you
do see this individual is currently has a full arm
bandaged, with blood soaked and dried on parts of
it, and they are currently asleep, and the door is
closed. There is a lantern inside that is set to
keep the room warm.
LIAM: Is there the ability for Frumpkin to move
around to the exact opposite side of this building?
MATT: Yeah, have him move around, go around the
front.
LIAM: Yeah, he will jump up to any windowsill on
the back of the house as well.
MATT: As Frumpkin keeps watch on each of these,
each chamber seems to either be empty or there's
somebody in some state of either rest, or waiting.
You see one person, a younger girl maybe fifteen
or sixteen years old, who is waiting on the edge
of a bed, sitting quietly in a room by herself.
Glancing around, she looks over and sees Frumpkin,
and goes, "Kitty!" and makes the hand motion to
try and pet-- You go around the back door and you
can see one room has two beds that currently have
two individuals that are coughing heavily. They're
sick with something pretty bad, and there is a
person inside that is dressed in a white robe that
is in the process of bringing them both broth, but
they have a mask over their face, a piece of cloth
tied behind, and it looks like they're treating
some diseased patients. This is, for all intents
and purposes, an infirmary.
LIAM: Yeah, did you say this was a one story
building?
MATT: It's a one story building, but it's quite
long. It goes back quite a bit. Other buildings
are spotty and build the space around the outside
of this block, whereas this infirmary stretches
the entire length of the block.
LIAM: Five to ten minutes of hopping from ground
to window a bunch of times, all I find are patient
rooms. No sort of office or anything else?
MATT: Correct, it looks like all-- It looks like
it's built so that all the rooms that have
sunlight are the rooms where the patients would
stay. Anything important would be kept in the
interior of the building.
LIAM: One last thing, how high is the roof?
MATT: The roof is about, I'd say, 12 feet up.
LIAM: Fjord, come here. Scooch down for a second,
and I jump up onto-- I've taken my vision back-- I
jump up onto his back. Now, stand up!
TRAVIS: 11 strength. Okay… Oof!
LIAM: Okay. I snap at Frumpkin, and he vanishes,
and I reach out, and Frumpkin appears. I am now
within ten feet, I would assume, of the top of the
building, so Frumpkin is on the roof.
(teleportation noise) I want to send him to look--
Then I hop down off of Ford and put my hand and
steady myself on Fjord and have Frumpkin look for
any holes in the roof, or if there's a skylight,
or anything. Probably not, but it's worth a try.
MATT: As you're focusing, Fjord, you notice a small
child, maybe five or six years old, this scruffy
reddish hair and a dirty smashed face, walks up
and goes, "What happened to the kitty?"
TRAVIS: Oh, you know, it ran up on the roof. We
were trying to chase her down. You want to see if
maybe she ran around the corner?
MATT: "I was going up to pet it, and it went
away!"
TRAVIS: Yeah. They're tricksy like that.
MARISHA: Second time your cat just vanished.
TRAVIS: Tell you what, if I see it, I'll call out.
What's your name?
MATT: "Oh, I'm Simon."
TRAVIS: Simon, okay.
MARISHA: Simon!
SAM: We found him.
LAURA: Simon became a real boy.
MATT: He's a real boy.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Simon, I'll call out if I see him. Why
don't you see, if you run the other way, see if
you can find him.
MATT: "Okay." He runs around the other side of the
building. Frumpkin is on top. And, looking at the
top, the front of it looks really nice. The top,
which nobody sees, doesn't look that great. It's a
pretty shoddy, wooden slats over wooden slats,
across the entirety of the roof complex. You can
see one small trap door, about the center of it,
that is currently closed.
LIAM: Okay, I call him back.
MATT: (Meowing)
LIAM: Then I (snaps fingers). And then he's on my
shoulder.
MATT: At which point, you hear a kid go, "Whoa!"
Simon is now on the side, staring at this
disappearing and reappearing cat.
LIAM: Yeah, cats are the best. I don't know,
there's a trap door up there, but, I mean, we're
not going in.
SAM: Go. Go away! Go. Go away! Shoo! Go away!
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
TRAVIS: (laughing) Oh my god.
SAM: 14.
MATT: 14. (screaming) and he runs.
SAM: Oh, sorry.
LIAM: Well done there, yeah. What do we want to
do? This place is full of sick people.
TRAVIS: Right. Unless Ren is actually on the
inside. If they had an office, maybe we could
rifle through some--
LIAM: Yeah. And if we're going in, what do we do?
We could have one of us be ill perhaps.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Or just ill on the front doorstep
and keep them occupied.
LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Yeah. I could, you know, kick the shit out
of Nott in the face, and then be like (yelling).
SAM: I mean, we've got Mollymauk with us. Why
don't you just do the same thing to him?
TRAVIS: I could kick the shit out of Nott in the
face, and then like--
SAM: I don't appreciate this. At all. I feel like
I'm being singled out because I'm a woman.
(laughter)
LIAM: A better idea, perhaps, is for one of--
You're able to disguise yourself, right?
TALIESIN: To a point.
LIAM: There's three of us, that we can all
disguise ourselves. I can make myself look like
like a sick person.
TRAVIS: Although, he's a physician. So he might
try to, you know, check. And I think, up to touch,
it falls apart.
LIAM: Well, you can make yourself look like you,
but with not green skin.
TALIESIN: It's standard carny practice to be able
to fake boils and stuff with a disguise kit to
leper up a bit?
MATT: It would take you about an hour or so to do
so. To a studied physician, probably not going to
hold up.
TALIESIN: Sure.
MATT: You can certainly try. Depending upon how
high you roll.
TALIESIN: Could fake some sick on people.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I mean, I could mimic whatever you
have, and try to stay at arm's length.
TALIESIN: You can just drag me in.
TRAVIS: I like it. Yep.
TALIESIN: I can make a scene.
TRAVIS: Yep. I like that. Then you two try to get
into the office somehow?
SAM: If there is an office.
TRAVIS: I'm assuming there is. It's a doctor's
office, right?
LIAM: There is some sort of trapdoor in the center
of that building that I don't think is mirrored by
any of the rooms that I was able to see on the
outside of the building. So it's like a donut with
a hole in the middle, is where, maybe, what you're
looking for.
TRAVIS: I think that makes sense. We'll cause a
ruckus, see what you can find.
LIAM: Yeah. Ruckus, you and I go in.
SAM: Okay.
TALIESIN: Have we talked about the other house
yet? Because the distraction was obvious.
TRAVIS: Is it?
TALIESIN and MARISHA: What kind of dog was it?
TRAVIS: Well, they're not here.
TALIESIN: Was it a guard dog?
TALIESIN: They haven't gotten back yet. Nevermind,
all right, I'm jumping ahead.
TRAVIS: It was a Chihuahua on a chain.
TALIESIN: We’re in!
TRAVIS: Fierce as shit. Spiked collar, tongue
out--
TALIESIN: We're going to need a bigger boat.
MARISHA: Its name was Princess.
CALEB: We're going to walk right in. These two are
going to create such a fuss.
TRAVIS: How long do you need to make
your face all lepered up?
TALIESIN: About an hour?
MATT: About an hour.
TALIESIN: And who said I was going to do my face?
LIAM: Couldn't you maybe act like--
TALIESIN: We don't want them to look at it too
closely.
SAM: Look like you're just-- Cough and stuff?
LIAM: Could you be a sick tiefling?
TALIESIN: Oh, I'm going to do that, too. I've got
a plan.
MATT: You’re going to spend time and apply.
SAM: Oh, I've got it, I've got it. Faster. What if
Caleb burns all of your clothing and you go in as
a burn victim?
TALIESIN: You're not going to touch my clothing.
CALEB: That's not, we’re not doing that.
TALIESIN: No, we're not setting fire to my
clothing. I'm going to mess up my junk what fierce.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
LAURA: Gross.
MATT: In the street?
TALIESIN: No, back at the-- do we have a place
where I can work, or am I going back to the Leaky
Tap? Or is that too far away?
MATT: That's up to you, you can try and duck into
a shady corner. And spend an hour.
LAURA: Spend an hour painting your dick?
TALIESIN: An hour painting my dick? No, I'm going
to need some privacy for that.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: I'm also going to need to order some
breakfast food. Something eggy.
LAURA: Ugh.
TRAVIS: For fuck's sake, Jesus. Really?
TALIESIN: Really.
TRAVIS: Okay. All right.
TALIESIN: I thought you wanted a distraction!
TRAVIS: I do! I'm all about this. Let's go find
breakfast. Jesus.
LIAM: When we go in, we don't walk in just you and
me. We do Mother's Love.
SAM: Yes. Yes. We do Mother's Love.
LIAM: Just in case.
SAM: Yes, good idea.
TRAVIS: Can we find a tavern?
TALIESIN: A Denny's, whatever. The worst pub
ever.
MATT: You can get yourself some evening scrambled
eggs for five copper.
TRAVIS: I think we need sunny-side up, don't we?
TALIESIN: No, I'm going to scramble everything.
I'm going to get some beer. I'm going to get some
mayo. I'm going to get a little bit of everything,
I'm going to put it in my--
LAURA: In your butt.
MATT: All right. If you're gathering all those
materials from a scattered meal--
TALIESIN: A little bit of hot sauce.
MATT: We'll put it at about eight copper for the
total.
TRAVIS: I'll pay for it. Don't. It's on me.
TALIESIN: No problem. We're going to put it in
my-- I've got a little water sack. I'm going to
mix it all up and put it in there and wait till
we're ready to go.
MATT: Okay. I'm going to say for this, go ahead
and roll a d20. Add your proficiency bonus and
intelligence modifier.
MARISHA: Come on, stage makeup class!
TALIESIN: D20, proficiency bonus, intelligence
modifier?
MATT: Yeah. Because this is about trying to come
up with an accurate means of looking like you've
been infected with something.
TALIESIN: That's 11.
MATT: 11. Okay. You take an hour and you're pretty
proud of it. You think it'll work fine.
SAM: Did you add your intelligence bonus?
TALIESIN: I have no intelligence bonus.
SAM: Oh, great.
TRAVIS: Do I dare ask what it looks like?
TALIESIN: You can see.
LIAM: Yeah, show us the goods. What did you do to
yourself? Oh!
TRAVIS: Why would you even?
TALIESIN: That's the brilliance, is no one's going
to look that closely.
TRAVIS: That's in your brain forever.
TALIESIN: Literally forever.
MATT: For a month.
MARISHA: This is going to be the weirdest fanart.
TALIESIN: Shit! I didn't even think about that!
God damn it.
LIAM: I will have Jester sketch it out and we will
have it forever.
TRAVIS: Are we ready to do this? Are you ready to
make a damn fool of yourself?
TALIESIN: I'm always ready to make a damn fool of
myself.
TRAVIS: All right. Let's go. We go up to the front
door. Where are y’all going?
LIAM: We're going to hang back. Is there a nook or
an alley within view of this?
MATT: There's alleys on each side, but they both
have windows that are lit, so you would be in one
of those vicinities.
LIAM: Can we go half a block away?
MATT: You could. You would be at a distance
though.
LIAM: Yeah, that's fine for the moment. For the
moment, yeah. Get ready, we're going to do
Mother's Love.
SAM: How will we know when to go?
LIAM: We're going to watch them at the door.
MATT: All right. So the two of you enter. You go
through the front door. It's a double door. It
pushes open. It doesn't appear to have resistance,
it's on a hinge. You push in, and at the front
there's a clerk there, wearing the same white
robe: a middle-aged man, receding hairline, short
hair, big bulbous red nose, some pock-marking on
his cheek. He looks up. "Can I help you?"
TALIESIN: No, I'm fine. I'm perfectly, perfectly
fine. I don't need to do any of this.
TRAVIS: (coughing) No, you need help. It's real
gross.
TALIESIN: I'm fine!
MATT: He reaches down and pulls a cloth up and
puts it immediately over his face. "Okay, um-- "
TALIESIN: No, I don't -- I was born in a place
like this. I don't want anything to -- I'm going
to give myself a little (grunt). Sir, there's --
(vomit). I'm going to go for it right in his face.
LIAM: The ruckus is audible all the way down the
block, so I turn myself into a half-orc woman and
pick up Nott like my baby and put her head on my
shoulder and start walking towards the building.
MATT: Okay. As you're doing that, I need you to
roll a deception check with advantage because
you're helping.
TALIESIN: Magnets, how the fuck do they work?
That's nice. 21.
MATT: 21! As soon as you spray in the face, he's
like (sputtering). Takes the scarf off and
(panting) "Sit down, please!" He points over to a
bench on the side.
TALIESIN: I'm going to start crawling along the
floor and i'm going to cut myself a little bit on
my neck. Since I'm used to it, I don't mind a
little blood. I'm giving myself a good cut, maybe
there'll be a little ice fleck. I don't know if I
want to activate that, if it'll work on my
fingernails, but what the fuck. I'm going to start
crawling, leaving a trail of vomit into the next
room, going, no! No!
MATT: Take a point of damage.
TALIESIN: Yup.
TRAVIS: I go the opposite direction he starts
walking. (hacking cough)
MATT: The clerk at this point goes, "Please! Stay
tight, I'm going to-- shit!" He leaves the room.
SAM: Go, go, go, go!
LIAM: We peer in the door. What is going on in
this room at this point?
MATT: You walk in as you see there's a spray of
stuff across the clerk's counter. You see both
Mollymauk and Fjord crawling in opposite
directions across the floor as you hear footsteps,
and the clerk had just rushed out of the chamber
down the hallway.
LIAM: We are going to go between them like Noah
through the water. Oh, that's the wrong -- Moses, yeah.
SAM: Like Noah through the ark!
LIAM: There's vomit and eggs everywhere!
MATT: What you see now is there's two hallways.
There's one to each side as you enter. Where the
clerk's desk was, it looks like there's all the
rooms you saw on the right side, all the rooms you
saw on the left side, and there are chambers in
the center of the building with the two hallways
that bisect the two areas. You can choose right or
left, it's up to you. The clerk went down the
right side.
LIAM: I will take the left one if the clerk went
down the right side.
MATT: Okay. As you're rushing with Nott in your
arms, you head into the hallway on the left side
and you glance and can immediately see another
person with a robe, who is holding a small satchel
of some sort of greenish material. They walk and
see you. "Excuse me, can I help you?"
LIAM: (crying)
SAM: (baby wails)
MATT: Make a deception check, please.
SAM: Oh, no, me? That's a negative one. (shriek)
MATT: "What seems to be the problem?" He looks, as
opposed to being empathically interested in your
well-being, is genuinely disturbed by the sound
the child is making, Rosemary's Baby style.
LIAM: Frumpkin appears on the back of the guy's
neck and starts tearing in.
SAM: Oh, God, you're using it to attack? You can
do that?
MATT: Roll an attack for Frumpkin, please.
TRAVIS: My allergies are going to be shit in about
five seconds. My worst nightmare.
LIAM: Oh, my gosh, for a cat? I mean, it's a 13
plus I don't know what.
MATT: That hits, he's wearing a robe. Go ahead and
roll.
LIAM: Starts clawing. One?
MATT: We'll say it's one point of damage, is a
cat's scratch. As it's clawing, he's (screaming).
He starts screaming and grabs Frumpkin on his back
and tries to pull him and throw him off. Frumpkin
full-on spins, scatters, all claws and legs out,
lands on the ground. (Angry cat sound) Full
puff-up, tail and everything. At this point you
watch another doorway flip open, and you see a man
come out with very short brown hair on the sides
with a pompadour in the front and a similar white
robe, but it looks like it's longer-sleeved with
more detail. He goes, "What is all this ruckus happening?"
MARISHA: Ooh, I hate him. I hate him already.
MATT: "What is a cat doing here? Get the cat!" He
watches as the clerk says, "I don't -- shoo! Shoo!
Shoo!" He's trying to get Frumpkin to leave now.
TALIESIN: Off in the distance you hear, You have
no legal authority over me! (vomit)
TRAVIS: (hacking cough)
MATT: There's now other workers of the infirmary
coming out of the rooms that are all starting to
gather. The one who saw you in the hallway is now
coming towards you while shooing Frumpkin out. You
watch the guy who had left the chamber head back
into the office and close it. People are starting
to scatter. You guys are waiting in the two rooms
now, you said? You found two separate rooms?
TALIESIN: I'm just running the hall.
MATT: You're just running the hall?
TALIESIN: I'm crawling in the hall.
MATT: What are you doing?
TRAVIS: I'm standing there like (hacking cough). I
think I shit my pants!
MATT: So you're coughing loud in the room. You're
crawling in the hall. Behind them?
LIAM: Is there enough chaos for us to step into
one of these open rooms and shut the door behind us?
MATT: We'll find out in a second. Now we have you
spitting and freaking out. The two clerks that are
trying to push Frumpkin out are trying to escort
you. They see you. They're like, “Sir? Sir?” They
start grabbing your arms and lifting you up.
TALIESIN: (vomit) I'm still bleeding from the
neck.
MATT: They start dragging you into one of the
rooms on the side. They open one room and there's
somebody in there already who was sleeping but is
starting to come to, going, "What's happening?"
"Sorry!" They close the door, go to the next
chamber, and start dragging you into an empty room.
TALIESIN: I'm going to immediately -- I'm going to
go limp.
MATT: Okay.
TALIESIN: Then the minute the door's open, I'm
going to make a break for it.
MATT: All right. They open the door--
TALIESIN: I'm out!
MATT: You bolt?
TALIESIN: I'm going to bolt. Full speed.
MATT: Make an athletics check.
TALIESIN: All right. Athletics or acrobatics?
Athletics?
MATT: Actually, this would be your choice.
TALIESIN: Oh, yay. That's nice. Nine?
ALL: Nine!
MATT: You try and pull away, but in the moment,
they're genuinely worried about your well-being.
They've probably had patients try and make big
physical actions while they're in their care, and
they hold you back.
TALIESIN: It's magic! I'm possessed! I turn to one
and go, (in a guttural voice) The power of Christ
compels you! I'm going to use Devil's Tongue and
I'm going to do a couple points of damage to him.
MATT: Devil's Tongue or Vicious Mockery?
TALIESIN: Vicious Mockery.
TRAVIS: Oh, lord. Oh no.
TALIESIN: It's only a couple points.
MATT: Okay. That's 11. What's your DC on it?
TALIESIN: On Vicious Mockery? Where's my -- I'm
not used to magic. It's so weird.
MARISHA: I'd like to say, I feel pretty good about
our casing mission.
MATT: What's your charisma modifier?
TALIESIN: Charisma modifier is zero.
SAM: Your modifier's right there.
TALIESIN: Is it? I'm blind. Where does it go?
MATT: It's fine. They succeed. You shout this and
one of them (groan). They grab and throw you into
the room. You (whoosh) into the chamber and they
close the door, pushing you inside of it.
TALIESIN: It would've been a plus three modifier,
sorry.
MATT: Well, what's the DC of the spell is what I'm
asking?
TALIESIN: I'm trying to find that. I'm not used to
magic.
MATT: That's okay.
TALIESIN: Yeah, never mind.
MATT: It's fine. They shove you into the chamber.
They close the door. You land on the ground and
you hear it lock behind you.
TALIESIN: All right.
MATT: You are now a dangerous patient who needs
other glancing. While that's happening and they're
distracted by that, you guys--
LIAM: Look for an empty room. Or is every room in
the house full?
MATT: I'd say about half of them are full. You see
two chambers that are empty.
LIAM: I go in and shut the door behind us.
MATT: All right. You close the door. You guys both
make stealth checks real fast.
LIAM: A one.
SAM: 21.
MATT: All right. You enter the room and close it.
What are you doing?
SAM: What are we doing in here? We have to go back
to the office!
LIAM: Yeah, but he's in the office.
SAM: We could -- You're right. Maybe we should
just leave. Molly and Fjord will be fine, we'll
just leave.
LIAM: We don't know. That's a no, we're working
together. We're trying to work together with
people. No, we have to get all of us out of here,
which is more important than finding this asshole
in the building. What do we do, what do we do?
SAM: We have some-- We could-- I'm looking. What
do we got? We could do Enemy of My Enemy?
LIAM: That seems extreme at this moment.
SAM: (stammering) You could set the place on fire.
You could-- I don't know what to do!
MATT: (knocking) "Hello? Is there somebody in
here?"
SAM: Shh!
MATT: The door opens and you see that there's a
clerk who had apparently heard the door close
behind you as you had entered the room and is now
walking into this darkened chamber. As soon as the
door opens, you guys are on the opposite side of
the door. He walks over towards the lantern in the
corner to light it, because the room is dark that
you're in. There's nobody in there at the moment.
He walks over.
LIAM: Let's go. Out we go.
SAM: Okay, let's go! We're going to run out the
door.
MATT: "Oh, wait! Wait!" You guys bolt past into
the hallway. You guys dart out to the entrance and
out into the night air.
SAM: Wait, out of the hospital or just out of the
room?
LIAM: I wasn't saying that, but I don't mind.
SAM: Just out of the room.
MATT: Oh, just out of the room. You guys are out
of the room and the person sees you.
LIAM: No, but we'll go down the hall towards the
front of the building to look for, I would assume,
Fjord and Molly at this point.
MATT: Well, you guys find Fjord there, coughing
loudly, while you are currently locked in this room.
TALIESIN: I know. Is there a window?
MATT: There is.
TALIESIN: In the door?
MATT: Yeah. Well, no. There's a door, it's a
closed solid door, and there's a window looking outside.
TALIESIN: (cackling) Are there bars on the
window?
MATT: There's not. No. There is one cross bar that
is maintained, it's more to support the four panes
of glass, but that's it.
TALIESIN: All right. I'm going to peek out the
door to see if anybody's coming for a minute.
MATT: Peek out the door?
TALIESIN: I mean the little door window.
MATT: Sorry, there's no window in the door.
TALIESIN: No window in the door and the door is
locked. Okay. I'm going to start gently meditating
on breaking the window, or opening the window if
it'll open.
MATT: Okay. While you're meditating on that--
LIAM: Is Fjord alone in this room?
MATT: Fjord is alone in the room.
LIAM: I turn and show him Nott.
SAM: We got to go!
TRAVIS: Did you get anything?
SAM: No.
TRAVIS: Well don't give up! (cough) I walk out
towards them. Do you have a privy? I think I shat myself.
MATT: There are two clerks now that were
originally fleeing to get help and have come back
now with the gentleman with the short brown hair,
who's exited the opposite side of the chamber now.
"We've brought the doctor." He moves before the
doctor, who approaches. "All right, so you appear
to be sick."
TRAVIS: Yeah. (cough) I have a terrible cough and
apparently my breakfast didn't agree with me and I
coughed a little too much and felt a pack in my
pants.
MATT: Make a deception check.
SAM: Is this the doctor that we saw before?
MATT: Yes.
TRAVIS: 15. 16.
MATT: 16? He goes, "All right. Please have a seat
in this chamber."
TRAVIS: I think I got shit in my pants. Can I
visit the bathroom real quick? I don't want it
running down my thighs and stuff.
MATT: "There's an outhouse about two blocks down
outside. Come back -- "
TRAVIS: You don't have anything in the building?
MATT: "Get in the room. We'll get you a pan."
TRAVIS: All right. Yeah. I go in the room.
MATT: You go in the room, and one of them pulls
out a metallic bedpan and sets it down on the side.
TRAVIS: Can I have a little privacy while I check
my undercarriage?
MATT: They close the door immediately and then
turn to you two: “We’ll get to him in a second.
What’s your problem?”
LIAM: (soft voice) Fever. She has a fever.
MATT: “Let me see her.” He comes forward and puts
his hands out towards Nott.
SAM: (hisses)
MATT: Do you do that? Make an intimidation check
with advantage.
SAM: Intimidation? Negative three?! How is that
possible? 13.
MATT: 13. The physician goes (screams), falls
back. The other two clerks or physician helpers
catch him: “Get it out! Get it out! Out! Shoo!”
SAM: I’m going to scamper towards the office if I
can, as fast as I can.
MATT: Make an acrobatics check to try and dodge
past their grasp as you begin to dart through their--
SAM: Oh god. Nine? They got me. They got me,
guys.
MATT: As you run, all of a sudden there’s a tug on
your cloak and the same younger physician who had
told you to get out is clutching the back of your
cloak and lifts you up off the ground. “Well then,
someone’s going to play nice with the
Crownsguard,” and turns and starts bringing you
towards the exit. “You too, outside!”
SAM: Oh no. This couldn’t have gone better.
TRAVIS: Am I in the room by myself?
MATT: Yes.
TRAVIS: Can I cast Disguise Self and give myself
the same sort of clerk/orderly outfit as…
MATT: Yeah, easily.
TRAVIS: Maybe not looking exactly like one of
them, but like them in a uniform.
MATT: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Okay. Can I exit the room and come out
into the hall?
MATT: You exit out and the two other ones are
looking a bit confused. He’s currently dragging
Nott who’s flailing on the edge of the cloak,
dangling, out into the main area.
TRAVIS: Get him out of here. I walk past them,
towards the office where the doctor is.
MATT: Okay. He goes and throws you out onto the
street. Pushes you out, Caleb, and goes “Guard!”
and begins pointing loudly over there, down in the
direction of where you tumbled and landed on the ground.
LIAM: Wait, so who’s where outside?
MATT: You guys got shoved out into the front of
the facility. Nott got tossed, landed, and
stumbled a few feet, and they’re now shouting for
the guard and pointing at Nott.
LIAM: Pointing at us? Okay.
SAM: Enemy of My Enemy now?
LIAM: (groans) That still seems extreme. We should
just book it.
SAM: Are you fast? All right, fine. I’m not
leaving you. I’m much faster than you.
MATT: You guys start bolting?
SAM: We’re going to start to run.
MATT: As you guys run, they don’t give chase
because it’s not their job to do so, but they
start shouting and shouting. I want you both to
roll stealth checks to try and see if you can
avoid the sight of the Crownsguard that are in the
process of responding to the shout.
SAM: 15 from me.
LIAM: Only a ten for me.
MATT: Okay. As you guys dart into the nearby
shadows, plugging down a few alleyways, you hear
some voices in the distance, some conversations,
some shouting, and then some footfalls that get
loud... and then get a little softer, and
eventually a little softer and fade off. You just
barely scraped by on that one.
MARISHA and LAURA: Oh my god.
MATT: You, however, darted off towards the open
office and as soon as you glance in there, you can
see there is a desk set up, there is a chair,
there are a number of large books and stacks of
parchment. It looks like there is a whole rack up
top with various medicinal herbs and salves that
are categorized into small makeshift cubbies. This
is where a lot of the treatment seems to be mustered.
TRAVIS: Can I turn, and as I start to close the
door behind me, can I look down the hallway and
see if anybody is walking towards me in the
hallway. Is it relatively clear?
MATT: Well, it’s clear for the moment, but the man
who was just in this office just finished
throwing Nott outside and is in the process of
talking with the Crownsguard. You don’t know how
long you have until he returns.
TRAVIS: Can I grab a handful of papers off the
desk and put them under my shirt and start walking out?
MATT: You palm a bunch and throw it in there, all
right. You exit, just as you see them returning to
the hallway with the physician straightening his
outfit, making his way in your direction. Doesn’t
even make eye contact with you, just brushes by
and shoulder-checks you, which is hilarious
because the size of your visual is much smaller,
so it’s like (impact) “Watch it!” and was two
inches away, but doesn’t seem to notice in the
moment that he actually did so. Makes his way into
the office, you hear the door close behind you,
and the two other clerks frustratingly start
scattering and making their way to the other
chambers. One of them is talking to the other
about, “I don’t know what happened. He went crazy
and started spitting and was bleeding everywhere,”
and they’re both making their way to the door
where Molly is in.
TRAVIS: That was very unruly; I need to excuse
myself for a moment. I’ll head out of the infirmary.
MATT: Okay. You head back out onto the street. You
are in that chamber for a while. Are you doing anything?
TALIESIN: How long has it been?
TRAVIS: I’m heading out of the infirmary and I’m
going to start wrapping around the building
towards the side of the building that he was in.
TALIESIN: I’m seeing how-- is it possible to open
the window?
MATT: Make an investigation check.
TALIESIN: God, all these numbers I used to be good
at, but I’m not good at anymore. Ten.
MATT: Ten. Nothing easily does so. You can try and
pry one of the panes out, but there’s a decent
chance it might break in the process if you’re not
careful.
TALIESIN: That’s fine.
MATT: You’re going to try? You take one of your
blades and you wedge it up underneath where the
metal bar is, it’s holding the pane in place to
see if you can wedge it out. Go ahead and make a
straight dexterity check.
TALIESIN: Nope. One.
MATT: It shatters and breaks on both sides of the
window. You watch as the window shatters outward--
TALIESIN: I’m going to jump out of it.
MATT: The pane itself is about that big, so you’re
going to take more of the window with you to do it.
TALIESIN: Yeah, that’s okay.
MATT: All right! You shoulder-roll-leap through,
shattering the window out of the infirmary,
rolling into the alley. You see this happen as
Molly is a chaotic spill of glass shards and
purple skin.
TRAVIS: Run!
MATT: You guys bolt. At this point, as you head
back, you’ve now seen the guards that have just
run off to go after Nott hear the shatter and turn
around to begin, some of them, to double back to
where the sound of the glass breaking came from.
TRAVIS: Can I point off in a different direction
than Molly’s running, since I look like a hospital
clerk nurse?
MATT: Make a deception check.
TALIESIN: Carry me. I’m going to jump into your
arms while you do that.
LAURA: No, no, he’s pointing the other direction!
MATT: It’s too late!
TALIESIN: Wait, no, I’m trying to understand the
scene here. I thought they were looking at him.
MATT: They are.
LAURA: They’re looking at him, but you were
running away.
TALIESIN: Well, if I’m already-- because I didn’t
know if I was just standing--
MATT: Okay.
TRAVIS: 15.
MATT: 15. The guards approach and they both look
antsy, but they see you pointing away, and they
both head in the direction that you were heading
them off towards, as Molly’s about to leap into
your arms.
TALIESIN: I was already-- towards…
MATT: You guys have managed to find yourselves
back into the chaotic evening of the streets of Zadash.
LIAM: I think I was imagining a small mom-and-pop
place with two physicians, but like 50 people in
white coats came out--
MATT: It’s like six.
LIAM: I think it was more like 72, Matt, let’s be
honest.
MARISHA: In the meantime, me and Jester are like:
What’s taking them so long?
LIAM: Oh, that only took five minutes to go that
bad.
MARISHA: He took an hour to cosplay his dick!
MATT: Which is still there, by the way!
TALIESIN: I know, I’m going to save that for
later.
TRAVIS: As we’re walking back, can I start looking
over the papers, looking for some sort of
signature that says Richter or Prucine or
anything?
MATT: Yeah. As you guys make your way back to the
Leaky Tap to eventually meet up, going through the
paperwork, unfortunately, none of them have
anything that signifies the High-Richter. They all
seem to be various quick notes on bones breaks and
resets, on various illnesses that have come
through and treatments that have been applied,
keeping tabs on return visits. It’s all various
notes of--
SAM: Anything from his dad?
MATT: Nothing from Lord Sutan, unfortunately.
TRAVIS: Yeah, it was just on top of the desk.
MATT: If you had possibly searched a little
longer, you could have maybe found something, you
think, but given the circumstances, it did not
occur.
TRAVIS: I don’t really have anything to hold him.
Crown of Madness!
MATT: So you didn’t find anything you wanted to,
and you probably definitely fucked up a few
people’s recovery routine. But that’s fine. You
guys eventually find your way back to The Leaky
Tap. Your monk and your cleric are waiting for
you, and you watch as these four individuals walk
in looking a bit haggard.
TRAVIS: Great success. Went off without a hitch.
MARISHA: Why are you covered in mayonnaise and
egg?
LAURA: Why do you smell like beer?
MARISHA: And hot sauce? Is that hot sauce?
TALIESIN: That is, in fact, hot sauce. I’m going
to empty out my canteen into the fire.
LAURA: Gross.
TALIESIN: I was making a distraction.
TRAVIS: We found Ren. We--
SAM: He’s heavily guarded. There was no way to get
close enough.
LAURA: Did you go in and say “Can I speak to Ren?”
and then somebody else go in his office while
somebody was in the front asking to talk to Ren?
TRAVIS: That’s actually exactly what happened, it
just didn’t go as well as you thought it might go.
LAURA: Oh, okay.
TRAVIS: Great minds think alike, though, Jester.
TALIESIN: Fools seldom differ.
MARISHA: You guys look real defeated, over here.
You look palpably defeated.
SAM: We almost had to kill an orderly.
MARISHA: What?!
SAM: It’s very embarrassing.
LIAM: That’s true, it came very close.
TRAVIS: How’d it go for you two?
LAURA: Oh, well, we cased out his house. We found
a big tree that we can hop the fence with. Oh, and
we bought this rope and this grapple so that we
can climb.
LIAM: So you looked at the house and then you went
shopping?
LAURA: Well, so that we can break into the house,
yes.
LIAM: Tight, that’s tight.
TALIESIN: I jumped through a window.
MARISHA: You what?!
TALIESIN: Full glass, it was great.
LAURA: Is that what all of these things are?
TALIESIN: Well, some of those are sequins, but
yes, essentially.
MARISHA: All right.
SAM: It was a good dry run for our real heist that
we’re going to be doing in a day. So we’re working
out the kinks…
TRAVIS: Not promising.
TALIESIN: It’s not about the plan, it’s about the
desire to improvise.
LAURA: I cast Cure Wounds on Molly.
TALIESIN: Oh, yay. I had very little, so thank you
for that.
MARISHA: You know this could lead back to make it
look suspicious if we go after Lord Sutan if his
son was just broken into, right?
SAM: Well, don’t worry about that because they
definitely saw our real faces.
LIAM: Not my face.
SAM: Oh yes, you’re right. They only saw my real
face, so maybe that’s okay.
MARISHA: He’s going to know his medical notes are
missing, right?
TRAVIS: It’s an infirmary. They got to see
terrible people in there all the time.
LIAM: Yeah, agreed. In hospitals, you see all
nature of people.
MARISHA: All right, okay.
LAURA: Yeah, nobody mentioned anything about
needing handwriting, right?
SAM: No, no.
LIAM: No, there was not a lot of--
LAURA: No talk of his father at all, right--
LIAM: There was not a lot of talking, in fact.
TALIESIN: It was probably just an attempt to steal
medicinals.
MARISHA: Sure, sure. All right.
LAURA: Well, we have Ren’s handwriting. We could
potentially put a note in somebody’s house with
his stuff, but I don’t know if that’s what the
plan is.
MARISHA: Well, I mean, that works because as Dolan
said, these fancy people tend to get other people
to write their mail and do their paperwork for
them, so…
LIAM: Well, it could add credibility to the
tapestry that we’re trying to weave here. The goal
is still to get into Sutan elder’s home and get
this seal.
MARISHA: Yeah, that never changed.
LIAM: Within the writings that we forge we could
include some by the junior Sutan, so that would
add some credibility to what we’re doing.
TRAVIS: Might get us in past that outer wall, at
least.
LIAM: We still have to figure out what we are
going to-- if we are starting at Sutan’s house,
then… We don’t have any writing of the
High-Richter’s; we are either trying to focus on
finding that somehow or, going on what you were
discussing which is creating the appearance of an
underling, or a for-hire of the High-Richter’s, or
some kind of code saying that they are
communicating with Sutan elder on behalf of the
High-Richter, yeah?
MARISHA: Nott, over here, knows a little bit of
Thieves’ Cant.
SAM: Do you need me to write something?
MARISHA: It would look shifty.
SAM: I could do that--
MARISHA: I’m just saying, from my experience,
normally if you’re trying to do a coup--
LIAM: Experience as a what?
MARISHA: As a rebellious teenage woman. In my
experience, normally if you’re trying to do
something bad, you’re not like “Dear diary, I did
this bad thing. Signed, Beauregard.” You get what
I’m putting down?
TRAVIS: Yeah, it’d be obvious.
MARISHA: Correct. We want to look-- if it’s too
obvious, it’s the opposite of convincing.
TRAVIS: Sign it somebody else’s name.
MARISHA: This guy goes by The Gentleman because he
is smart. That’s all I’m saying.
LIAM: We want to put information in Sutan’s
house-- elder-- right? We could have some sort of
writing that is not from the High-Richter, but
that says “H-R would prefer the plans to go into motion--"
LAURA: “H-R wants a meeting with you.”
MARISHA: “Spoke to The Myriad,” yeah…
TALIESIN: “Finalized the plans.”
LIAM: I propose that we make it seem like Sutan
and the High-Richter were conspiring to have
Orentha killed. So we have a note put into Sutan’s
house that says: “On behalf--” from an
intermediary, “On behalf of HR, wants the plan to
go into motion immediately and that Orentha will
be out for the festival tonight.
LAURA: The Big O. We should say Big O.
LIAM: The Big O. That is good.
SAM: We are so much better than the other people
at planning like this.
(laughter)
LIAM: Then we plant that in Sutan elder’s house
when we successfully, quietly break in.
LAURA: I’ll start writing that note right now.
SAM: In block letters? Can’t be traced to anyone?
That sort of thing?
LIAM: Well, it’s an intermediary, so does not have
to look--
MARISHA: It doesn’t really matter.
LAURA: I’ll make it look crisp and--
SAM: Make it look like evil calligraphy.
LAURA: Yeah, like evil handwriting.
LIAM: This letter perhaps on its own is not
enough, but with the seal, if we have a matching
letter planted in HR’s home--
LAURA: Yeah. Got your messages. I will move the
meeting up and the Big O is going to die for sure.
SAM: Ooh yeah!
MARISHA: And a little bribery if we’re trying to
go for something.
LAURA: But where are we going to get this money
you keep talking about?
TALIESIN: We can just promise them money.
LAURA: Here’s the thing, having seen people be
bribed before: you need very large sums of money
for bribing. Especially with rich people. They’re
not going to need 500 gold to do this sort of
thing, they want 5000 gold for this sort of
thing.
MARISHA: It depends. If you’re just handing money
off to an assassin. If it’s a lowly level person,
might not need much. Doesn’t need to be the whole
amount. Just needs to be a payment, maybe.
SAM: A check?
LAURA: A check? An IOU. “On behalf of HR-- “
LIAM: Keep your writing very plain. Not immensely
charming--
SAM: Traceable!
LIAM: No, I mean not charming, like the way you
speak.
LAURA: So no hearts above the i’s then?
LIAM: No. No.
LAURA: I write, “On behalf of HR-- “
LIAM: Yeah, that’s good.
LAURA: What comes after that?
MARISHA: The Big O thing. The plan against the Big
O.
LIAM: “HR would like the plan to be moved
forward.”
MARISHA: “It will commence-- “
TRAVIS: “As discussed.”
MARISHA: “Commence as discussed.”
SAM: Sounds official.
LAURA: “On behalf of HR, the plan-- “
LIAM: “The plan is moving up to tomorrow night, at
the festival.”
LAURA: “The plan is moving up to tomorrow night,
at the festival.”
LIAM: “The moment has come, and it is time for us
to seize it.”
LAURA: That’s what I write.
MATT: Okay. You work out the logistics of that
letter--
MARISHA: And it sounds super boss.
LAURA: “Yours truly, forever and ever, your BFF--
“
SAM: No, no!
LAURA: No?
SAM: Take out the part where you say, “Do you like
me? If so, check this box.”
(laughter)
TALIESIN: I thought that tied the whole thing
together.
LAURA: Yeah, I thought it was good.
TRAVIS: And no perfume on the letter.
MARISHA: Aw, you beat me to it! No signing it with
a kiss.
LAURA: If I fold it up like a little triangle.
Just a simple--
TALIESIN: What kind of dog?
SAM: What?
MARISHA: What kind of dog?
LAURA: Oh wait! Should I fold it or should I
scroll it?
SAM: Scroll it! Because we’re going to--
MATT: The guard dog that was outside of the home?
TALIESIN: There’s a guard dog.
MATT: It was a mastiff.
TALIESIN: It was a mastiff? Was it a well-kept dog
or-- was it a dog of pride or just a dog of--?
MATT: From what you guys saw of the mastiff, it
wasn’t a show dog by any means, but it wasn’t a
street dog they’re just using for the moment.
TRAVIS: Was it a talking mastiff?
MATT: One way to find out!
TALIESIN: Does it look like the sort of dog that
you can actually be proud of or is it just a utility?
MATT: It looks like it’s a utility dog. You’ve
seen some dogs go around with members of the
crownsguard before as part of the general-- It’s
more for an intimidation tactic. They’re rarely
ever utilized, but the presence of a dog just make
some people, especially those who work in darker
categories, unsettled.
TALIESIN: We have a cat.
MARISHA: Can the cat become a mastiff?
LAURA: Can the cat get the dog--
LIAM: To chase it away.
LAURA: Yeah.
TALIESIN: Then someone would have to get the dog
back.
SAM: Just shoot the dog with an arrow and kill
it.
TALIESIN: I’m just talking about getting the dog--
no!
TRAVIS: Nott.
TALIESIN: Somebody’s going to have to retrieve the
dog if the dog goes running.
MARISHA: Here’s the deal, Nott--
LIAM: We don’t want a dead dog.
MARISHA: Yeah. we need to leave no trace. The only
way this gets pulled off is if--
TALIESIN: This is the subtle one.
MARISHA: Is if no one thinks anyone was there.
Ever.
SAM: Show the dog your dick.
TALIESIN: I’m not showing anybody-- there’s no
more of that. What if the dog runs? The guard will
have to get the dog back.
LAURA: They’ll chase after the dog.
LIAM: Yeah. Frumpkin can do that very well.
LAURA: We can try that. If it doesn’t work, then
we try to jump up and over.
LIAM: Also, sausages are very inexpensive, so we
have that as a Plan B.
MARISHA: We also have good ol’ Fjord, who can
always disguise himself as a guard.
LAURA: And relieve him.
MARISHA: Correct.
LAURA: Say that somebody really wants him over at
the party.
LIAM: Are they private guards, though, or are they
crownsguard?
MARISHA and MATT: They were crownsguard.
MATT: They were assigned.
LIAM: Do you know what, Nott, if you want-- one
idea, if you want to help, is you can also write a
note in your Thieves’ Cant. It should be vague on
details, but a message from the Myriad. Or don’t
even get that specific, but write, in Thieves’
Cant, a note saying that everything is in place
for the festival.
MARISHA: I think that’s a good idea.
SAM: All right. Sure. I need a few papers.
MARISHA: A few papers are always good.
MATT: All right. As you guys work your way through
preparing this letter, condensing your plots for
the next evening, and eventually find yourself to
a night’s rest in preparation for the next day’s
events, we’re going to take a break!
LIAM: No, but I think we should go back to the
hospital one more time.
MATT: (laughs) Fucking D&D.
LAURA: Watching your face, Matt, as all that was
happening. You were like, what are they doing?
MATT: Those are my favorite moments of the game!
I’m like, I don’t-- okay, guys! This is happening!
This is all your fault.
TALIESIN: It was a great plan.
MATT: So yes, before we go to break, our friends
at Wyrmwood have their giveaway for the evening.
You need to be in the Twitch chat room to
participate. Right now, the offer's only good for
residents of the United States and Canada,
excluding Quebec, because, apparently, Quebec. For
the official rules, you can find the link in the
chat tonight, but tonight it is the Flame Box
Elder Deck Box, which is pretty awesome. Oh, and
it came with a Magic pack with a guy going (screams)
LIAM: Is he at the hospital?
MARISHA: Why is there a Magic pack in there?
MATT: It's a deck box. The pack comes with it,
too. So go ahead and enter into the chat room--
the word for this break is “Heist”. H-E-I-S-T.
Remember, only enter it once. If you enter it more
than once, you will be disqualified,
unfortunately. We'll get to that, and we'll have
the winner in the break. In the meantime, we'll
see you back here in a few minutes.
[break]
MATT: Hello, and welcome back, everybody. We have
a winner from the chat. Congratulations to
PyroMalibu. PyroMalibu is the winner of the box.
Denoba will get your information in the chat if he
hasn't already, and we'll get that to you, so
congratulations. So, as you guys all prepare for
the evening’s rest, the next day-- is there
anything you needed to do before the next day
happens?
SAM: I would like to talk to Caleb. (clears
throat) Oh, Caleb? Nott here. I have a favor to
ask of you. I absconded with some items recently,
and I wanted you to take a look at them with your
keen eye.
LIAM: Where did you get these items?
SAM: It was not-- I didn’t break in anywhere-- I
mean, we did, but it was cool because other people
were with me. It’s when we went down into the
basement to scout around for other entrances into
the bottom of the Leaky Tap.
LIAM: Under the Leaky Tap? And you found?
SAM: I found a skeleton that had these bracelets
on her? Him? They?
LIAM: You found a skeleton?
SAM: Yeah, I don't know. I didn't really have time
to look at it.
LIAM: You found a dead person?
SAM: A very old dead person. Could be ancient.
LIAM: Yeah, but it's not really typical to keep a
dead-- like a skeleton in your basement.
SAM: I didn't think about that, but yes.
TRAVIS: Nor in your closet.
LIAM: Well, that's a topic for the group. We're
staying in an inn where there was a dead person.
SAM: I don't think it's haunted or anything. It
just seemed like someone-- it was stuffed way in
the corner behind some boxes
like someone wanted to--
LIAM: Yeah, that's worse. That's not better,
that's worse.
SAM: I didn't-- I mean--
I'm really just interested in these.
(laughter)
LIAM: Okay, well, that's somewhat unsettling, but
show me these items that you have.
SAM: These are just bracelets that I found. I was
wondering if you could use your magic skills.
LIAM: I place them down on the bed and go through
the process of casting Identify on them. It takes
about ten minutes.
MATT: Okay. As you finish the focus, you glance
down at them, extending your consciousness to see
if there's any residual magic energy. They're not
enchanted, but they are made of a very nice, solid
platinum with a gold spiral lay on them, once you
pull the dust off, so they’re probably worth a
little bit of money.
LIAM: You should sell these. These are not little
and adorable like buttons.
SAM: No, but they're shiny and nice.
LIAM: Do you want to wear them?
SAM: Ooh. Maybe I could.
LIAM: Well, you could. What--
SAM: Are they big?
LIAM: Are they huge for a goblin’s little wrists?
MATT: For a goblin’s wrists, they're pretty big.
Looks like they're more-- they may have been made
for a more masculine figure’s wrists probably, or
a thick-armed lass.
LIAM: Maybe your ankle or calf, you could put them
on. Or sell them and then you could put them to use.
SAM: All right. Okay.
LIAM: I'm still a little disturbed that there's a
dead person under this inn that we're in right
now.
SAM: I understand. Well, we can go back and I can
show you, if you'd like, but it didn't seem like--
LIAM: Well, I take your word for it, that it's
there. I don't need to go poking about.
SAM: How do you do that? Where you look at
something and you just see what it is?
LIAM: Well, it is a spell that I learned when I
was--
SAM: It's so cool! It's very impressive.
LIAM: You could potentially learn this as well.
SAM: Really?
LIAM: Of course! If you apply yourself--
SAM: I don't know. You know so many spells and so
many things. You're very strong. I'm continually
impressed by you, I must say. How strong would you
say you are? On a scale of one to 20?
LIAM: How do you mean-- I'm not very strong, Nott.
I do have things that I want to do with my life,
and I mean to apply myself and study, and find
knowledge.
SAM: Is that the way you'll get even stronger?
Through study and books?
LIAM: Ja. That is the best way to do that. For
anyone.
SAM: Would magical items help further your
abilities or blessings?
LIAM: That seems like an abstract question. There
are certainly very useful things that can be found
in this world. You never know.
SAM: All right.
LIAM: Are you okay?
SAM: Oh, I'm fine, I'm just fascinated by all
things wizard and I want you to succeed, that's
all. I have great faith in you, I know you'll do
great things, and I just want to help you get
there.
LIAM: Well, thank you, friend.
SAM: Sure. Yes. Anything, anything to help the
cause.
LIAM: Well, maybe we go to bed and tomorrow we
don't tear the roof down off of every building we
go into again, yeah?
SAM: Okay. Sounds good.
LIAM: So I take out my silver thread and I start
casting the Alarm spell on our room before bed,
and then I go to bed.
MATT: All righty. Anybody else have anything to do
before the evening's rest, or are you happy to
continue the next day?
TRAVIS: Next day for me.
LAURA: (shouting) Pillow fight!
MARISHA: Beau gets a little too aggressive with
the pillow fight.
LAURA: Ow, okay. We're done.
MARISHA: Sorry, sorry.
LIAM: Mess with the bull, get the horns.
MATT: All right, so, as the evening comes to a
close, the next morning greets you on a somewhat
chilled, misty morning, the sky gray, but the
light is out. You can see a faint mist is burning
off of the streets in the early morning, like six
or seven-ish. You all gather yourselves. Is there
anything you wish to accomplish during the day, or
do you wish to jump ahead to the meeting of the
afternoon, the evening?
MARISHA: Should we get some awesome all-black
clothes?
LAURA: Maybe we should so that we stealth better.
MARISHA: Yeah, something a little bit more
stealthy.
LAURA: We can put it in the pink bag.
MARISHA: Oh, I like that.
TALIESIN: I was thinking some carnival masks, from
the other direction.
TRAVIS: Yeah, all black looks like you're up to no
good.
LIAM: Yeah, and if you are actually in the dark,
you can't tell the difference, and if you're in
the light you look like a ninja, so I think we're
good, maybe.
MARISHA: I see what you're saying. Yeah.
TALIESIN: Everyone’s going to be pretty
fancy-dressed.
LAURA: The carnival is going on today?
MATT: Yeah, the festival is happening this
evening.
MARISHA: Do we know anything about this festival,
like, culturally? Do they wear masks?
MATT: I mean, the harvest is celebrated at
different points, and in a few weeks is the
official Harvest End festival. This is done in
advance, it's more of a private event that is for
the more elite. Some folks come in from out of
town, from local smaller townships that are pretty
well off and trying to rub elbows with the local
elite. It's a festival that contains food, music,
drink. You've never been to one, of course, and
you've heard of it from the time you spent in
Zadash. You've never seen it, but you've seen
folks take care through the street towards the
event, and it seems to be fairly like a more
subdued Mardi Gras colors, but the colors are more
reds and browns and golds. They have masks they'll
wear for it, but they aren't full face, just
habitual eye masks. Only some will, some folks
don't get fully into the spirit.
MARISHA: I think we should go shopping.
TALIESIN: Masks on sticks.
MARISHA: Masks on sticks.
LAURA: Well, we're not actually going to the fancy
gala, so we probably don't need the fancy stuff,
because it's just for the rich people.
MARISHA: But will it get us through the gate?
LAURA: Well, I figure for all of us to get in, we
should go through the sewers, probably.
TALIESIN: If someone stops you, if you have a
mask, they know why you're there.
LIAM: Yeah, in a pinch.
LAURA: Sure.
LIAM: A lot is riding on Sutan and the
High-Richter going to this festival.
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: That's it, that's all.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: I was really expecting more there.
LIAM: No, it's just pessimism.
LAURA: Let's go buy some masks, then.
MARISHA: Are you afraid they're not party people?
LIAM: Well, I worry that if we break into Sutan's
house and stuff a bunch of letters there, but the
High-Richter stays in with a tummy ache, then it
all falls apart.
MARISHA: Well, then we go from there.
LAURA: There's no point in worrying about things
you can't change yet, Caleb.
MARISHA: She's got a point.
TALIESIN: Be the chaos you want to see in the
world.
TRAVIS: Yeah, no point in worrying, it only makes
it hurt twice.
LIAM: Yeah, lead the way, I'll be the caboose.
MATT: All right. Who’s helming the expedition to
acquire costume pieces?
TRAVIS: Molly.
MATT: Molly, go ahead and make an investigation
check.
(laughter)
MATT: I'll say, because of your dress, I'll give
you advantage on this.
TALIESIN: Thank you.
MARISHA: Show us where Melrose is.
TALIESIN: Looking for Melrose. 11.
MATT: 11. It takes you the better part of the
morning. About noon, you manage to find a place
that will sell similar outfits. Since a lot of
them are either custom-made for the individuals
that are going, it's hard to find a place. There
is no shop that sells fancy clothes to the random
folks who aren't going to the event, but you
manage to find a few individuals that can cobble
together a few masks and basic attire. Because
it's a quick build, it's going to be a little
pricier than normal cost, so the commission will
take the better part of the afternoon, and will be
ready by sundown for enough outfits for six of
you. Or accoutrements.
TALIESIN: I was about to say, I don't need much.
MATT: You'll be fine, it's just a mask. I'd say
between all of you, for the time, the materials,
and the construction of it, it’ll run you about
three gold pieces.
TALIESIN: I'll pay that.
TRAVIS: You'll pay for all of it?
TALIESIN: Yeah. I will get reimbursed at the end.
LIAM: I’ll pick up some sausages.
MATT: Okay. How many sausages do you want?
LIAM: Oh, just the one string of them. Four or
five.
SAM: Maybe two strings.
LIAM: Two strings in case.
(laughter)
MATT: In case you get hungry? Fair enough. Okay.
That's going to put you back a silver.
LAURA: Oh, and I'm going to write another letter
that says something about the Knights of Requital.
That says, like-- what should it be? "I'm glad to
be working with you! You sure are nice!"
TRAVIS: What about a sign-off, like, "The Knights
of Requital are rising."
SAM: What if you take a letter and just sign it
“Knights of Requital” and rip off the rest, so who
knows what it was, it's just from them.
LAURA: Yeah. I'll end it with, "the big red door.
The Knights of Requital." Then rip it, and then it
is just the bottom part and leave it in the
High-Richter's house.
MARISHA: Leave it in the trash. That's not bad,
that's not bad.
LAURA: Oh, can somebody burn the edge like the
rest was in the fire or something? Oh, and then we
can put it in the fireplace like the rest of the
letter was burned!
MARISHA: Man, that is the oldest trick in the
book. Sure.
LAURA: Caleb, burn just these edges here.
LIAM: Okay, put it down on the ground.
LAURA: But just the edges, don't set the whole
thing on fire, because I spent a really long time
writing that little bit.
LIAM: Ah, well, then use a hearth fire or
something, because I will probably put that into
flames. Also, alternatively, would we want maybe
something instead that said that "the Knights are
ready for this evening’s pursuits, and they’re to
support any endeavors as needed, great
High-Richter. It is time for change."
LAURA: I write all of that, okay, fine.
MARISHA: Don't write “the Knights”, though, just
write the little symbol.
LAURA: Yeah. Then I'll put the symbol. But I'm
also going to keep this one to put in the
fireplace, because I think it will be really cool.
LIAM: Yes, the two together, but I worry that just
the one piece, she could have written it down on a
list of things she does not like, it's not very
conclusive. But the two together.
SAM: She doesn't like red doors, she doesn't like
the Knights of Requital.
LAURA: Now we have those letters. I'm going to
keep track, I'm putting them in the side pouch,
those are the side pouch ones.
LIAM: Have you written your letter in your
thieves’ thingy that you do?
SAM: Yes. I did. My handwriting is not as good.
LAURA: Is that going in Lord Sutan's place or the
High-Richter's place?
LIAM: That's in Sutan's place.
LAURA: So I'm putting that in the other pouch.
LIAM: Good, we want to tie Sutan to the Myriad,
and High-Richter to the Knights, and High-Richter
and Sutan together. That's the plan.
MARISHA: To fight Orentha, to kill her.
LIAM: Yes, to take that seat. To enact the change
that the people need.
LAURA: We are definitely-- this is going to be
real good.
MARISHA: I feel so political, you guys. I feel
like I'm participating in our politics, in a way.
SAM: It feels nice to participate in a democracy
like this.
MARISHA: It does, it feels like I'm making a
difference.
SAM: One monk, one vote.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Feels like it matters.
LIAM: Did we get paid in advance, by the way?
LAURA: What are we being paid for this?
MARISHA: Yeah, we didn't get paid in advance. I
hope that doesn't come back to bite us.
LIAM: Did we get half of it, even?
TALIESIN: It's for the best, because now there's
no paper trail, just in case they are trying to--
LAURA: Is Ulog around? I'm going to look for Ulog.
MATT: Ulog is meeting you guys, you want to try
and search for him?
LAURA: I want to look and see if he's around us,
though.
MATT: Make a perception check.
LAURA: I can't see shit.
MATT: You have no idea where Ulog is, or if he's
in the vicinity, unfortunately. All right, so.
LIAM: We should also-- you're invisible. We should
also discuss who's going in, who's outside, how we
are tackling each house.
LAURA: I should definitely go into Lord Sutan's
place, because I have this really fun spell that
lets me find things. So I could find the seal.
LIAM: How does it work?
LAURA: I go, "I want to find this wax seal," and
it will help me find the one that’s closest.
LIAM: Then you're right, you should go in. Nott,
you should go in, because you're going to pick
locks, ja?
SAM: Yes.
LIAM: If anything is locked. I strongly believe
that I should go in as well, because these are two
very wealthy, powerful people, and there could be
magical--
LAURA: You're going to steal some stuff?
LIAM: Only if that is, you know, easy to do.
MARISHA: Once again, we should leave no trace that
we were there.
SAM: Don't worry about that. I'll eat everything
we leave behind.
TALIESIN: Now I'm really worried about it,
actually.
TRAVIS: I'll be out front, I can be a crownsguard
if I need to.
TALIESIN: And I can be in the back and be drunk
and lookout.
SAM: Which is our first house that we're
attacking?
TRAVIS: Lord Sutan.
SAM: And we know that there's a guard and a dog
out there.
MARISHA: Correct, so first--
SAM: So you guys need to distract the guard.
MARISHA: With the cat. We've got the cat plan.
SAM: And the sausage.
LIAM: And the sausage, just in case.
LAURA: Sausage for the guard, cat for the dog.
LIAM: Regardless, even if this goes belly-up, we
just disappear. You know, we have no ties to this,
we walk away, yeah? We just get out with our
skins, even if things go as badly as they did at
the hospital, and then we go, we just walk away.
MARISHA: Yeah, the last thing we want is for the
crownsguard to think that this was all us.
LAURA: Where are we meeting Ulog?
MARISHA: In front of the--
MARISHA and TRAVIS: Song and Supper Inn.
LIAM: Oh also, Frumpkin is up here in my sort of
scarf position, and I bring him down in my lap,
and I take the sausages out, and I sort of like
knead one of the sausages in my hand a bit, and I
say, you know, I'm sorry, but the next time that
you go off to your pocket place and come back,
this will be gone. And I start squishing sausage
grease into his hair, and rubbing it down his back
so that he smells like sausage.
TALIESIN: That's a very good plan.
LIAM: I love you very much, so thank you for this,
okay?
ALL: (angry cat noises)
LAURA: Do you want to eat him even more now?
LIAM: Some other time, perhaps.
SAM: I'll drink instead.
MATT: You gather the outfits that were
commissioned for you. You have your materials. As
the day grows later, eventually the sun begins to
crest over the western mountain range. The sky,
though cloudy still, the colors begin to shift to
the oranges and purples of dusk. You begin to see
carriages come through the streets and make their
way towards the Tri-Spire district.
LAURA: Oh, I wonder if we can hide under the
carriages and just ride in.
MARISHA: I was going to say, can we hop a ride?
MATT: One of the carriages just passed you, and
it's about a block up the way if you want to try
and catch up.
MARISHA: No, that brings a lot of attention,
chasing after a carriage.
LAURA: It's all about trying to get into the sewer
system.
SAM: Can't we just go to the sewers?
LAURA: Let's just go to the sewers.
MATT: All right. As you guys head back towards the
entryway to the sewers, where you had previously
been, with your various outfits and attire, you
can see now, there's not two crownsguards, there's
a single crownsguard at the moment. You approach
and you see they're not directly against the
grate, they're across the street. It doesn't
appear to be watched at the moment.
SAM: The gate?
MATT: The entranceway into the sewers.
LAURA: Maybe I can go talk to the guard. Distract
him?
SAM: It seems like they're not looking right now.
LAURA: Oh, he's not even looking at the gate?
SAM: No, they're not looking, we can just go.
MATT: Well, he's not looking at the entranceway to
the sewer.
MARISHA: That doesn't mean that won't change in 30
seconds.
LAURA: It's dark outside, too?
MATT: Yes, but there are lanterns and stuff up on
the side of the street.
MARISHA: Do you want to distract him and we'll
meet you on the other side?
LAURA: Oh, sure! I'll go meet you at the sewer
entrance on the other side.
MARISHA: Okay. Nott or Caleb can send you a
message.
LAURA: Okay. I walk up to the guard.
MATT: Okay. "Evening."
LAURA: Evening, how are you doing today?
MATT: "I am well, how are you?"
LAURA: Pretty good. I was wondering if you could
answer a question for me.
MATT: Everybody else, roll a stealth check,
please.
LAURA: I was looking around this area earlier for
a candy shop and I couldn't find anything that
seemed good. I was wondering if you could point me
in the best direction.
MATT: "Try the Pentamarket, probably."
LAURA: The Pentamarket, um, okay. Can you tell me
exactly where that is? Because I'm not familiar
with the area.
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
LAURA: Oh no. Oh, that's okay.
19!
MATT: "All right, so down this way--" and he
starts giving you the full play-by-play of the
street corners to the Pentamarket where a candy
shop is that you had missed earlier. So now you
know there's a candy shop in Zadash.
LAURA: Yay!
MATT: As it's happening. What did you roll?
TRAVIS: 12.
MARISHA: 15.
LIAM: Eight.
SAM: Natural one.
LAURA: Oh, come on.
TALIESIN: 19.
MATT: Hold on, so a natural one, eight, 19, 15.
Okay, natural one’s tricky.
SAM: Plus eight.
MATT: Still a natural one. But, yeah, that brings
it to nine. As you guys begin to quickly slide in,
one after the other, Nott, as you're rushing down,
you're glancing off, because you hear them talk
about candy for a second over the side.
SAM: Ooh!
MATT: As you rush down the side, whack! You hit
your head and give out a natural instinct, a
pained squeak. As you do, the guard who's talking
to Jester goes, “Wha--”
LAURA: (fake coughs loudly) Can you help me? I
think I’m choking.
MATT: Make a deception check.
LAURA: Oh no. Seven.
MATT: Seven.
LAURA: (fake coughs loudly)
MATT: “Hold. Just a second.”
LAURA: Oh no, I can’t breathe at all, though.
MATT: He begins walking over to the sewer edge. He
steps over and begins to glance down--
LAURA: I fall over on the ground and really like
(choking sounds).
MATT: He’s looking back at you like--
LAURA: (choking sounds)
LIAM: I send Frumpkin screeching away from us, up
the street, clattering into anything.
MATT: From where? Out of the sewer, you mean?
LIAM: Yeah, out of the sewer, yeah. I pop him back
up.
MATT: As soon as Frumpkin-- He kicks and--
(gasps)
MATT: Misses.
(laughter)
SAM: It’s the same guy, it's the same guy!
LIAM: Caleb appears at the sewer like Pennywise
the Clown.
MARISHA: Why is that their natural response in
this town?
MATT: Well, he got scared by the cat! The first
guy was a dick, this guy was (yells), like kicking
wildly. Anyway. He falls back and Frumpkin runs
off. He’s like (grunts). It seems to be enough to
take him off the scent of Nott, and he turns
around. “Miss?” He walks up and helps you up.
LAURA: Oh, it was my spit. I was choking on my own
spit.
MATT: Right, all right. Well, go get your candy.
Have a good night.
LAURA: Thank you very much for all of your help.
MATT: (sighs) He goes back to his post. You guys
make your way through the sewer, back up through
the T-intersection--
TRAVIS: Mindful of the damn rats.
MARISHA: Rat-balloons.
LIAM: I held back two minutes to let Frumpkin
quietly come back.
MATT: All right. Fair enough. Frumpkin does slowly
make his way back to join you. You make your way
towards the gate and, without issue, are entered
into the Tri-Spire. You make your way towards the
side of the alleyway where the--
LAURA: Oh, we didn’t meet the guy at the Song and
Supper.
MATT: You did not.
MARISHA: Oh fuck!
SAM: What guy?
MARISHA: Shit! We were supposed to go fucking meet
Ulog! Damn it!
TALIESIN: We’re so good at this.
MATT: Jester, do you want to go do that?
LAURA: Yeah, I just remembered it. I’m going to
the Song and Supper Inn.
TALIESIN: We’re going to sit in the sewer like so
much clown.
MARISHA: We recapped this at the break, too! Damn
it!
MATT: You guys are sitting there, waiting for
Jester to show up and meet you to let you out.
SAM: I cast Message a few times. We’re here. Where
are you?
TRAVIS: Where letter-R letter-U?
MATT: You, however, you make your way to the Song
and Supper, and on the inside, you can see,
nervously at a table, in a dark cloak, Ulog. “What
the--?” Gets up and meets you outside, shoves you
back out there and you both begin to walk
side-by-side. “I was waiting here long enough!”
LAURA: We were waiting for you! It’s so weird that
we totally missed you, though.
MATT: Make a deception check.
LAURA: Well, well, well, 11.
MATT: He goes, “Right. Well, where’s the rest of
your team?”
LAURA: They are-- Here’s the thing. How rich do
you look? How rich does he look?
MATT: He looks down and he has fairly plain dark
clothing for night-stealthing. He has like a
single-- looks like a gold chain of some kind with
a single yellowish amber-orange bead on it that
looks like it’s worth a gold or two. Dark
green-brown cloak. It’s hard to see the color,
this late at night. He doesn’t look super rich.
LAURA: Can I put some of my costume on him?
MATT: Yeah.
LAURA: I’ll put some of my festive wear on him.
MATT: You put some of the festive wear on him.
It’s all not at all fitted for him and it looks
like a kid who has outgrown his snow-outfit and
he’s like-- “This is humiliating.”
LAURA: It’ll get you in the door, don’t worry.
Here, put this mask on.
MATT: He’s seething beneath it. You can see him
grinding his teeth, but he follows you
nevertheless.
TALIESIN: Candy-themed, too.
LAURA: Oh, that’s great!
MATT: You make your way to the gate once more. The
guards there-- One of them walks up and, the same
one from earlier, gives you a nod. “Hold.”
LAURA: Guest of honor for the night. He’s a
comedian.
MATT: Make another deception check.
LAURA: Come on! It is being so mean! Seven. God
damn it.
MATT: He goes, “A comedian. Tell me a joke.”
MARISHA: Oh, come on, Ulog!
MATT: Ulog looks at you with the mask, back at the
guard. “Um--”
MARISHA: It’s open mic night! You got this!
(laughter)
MATT: He goes, “What do you call the king on his
birthday?” The crownsguard goes, “I don’t know.
What do you call a king on his birthday?” “An
arsehole.” The guard goes--
LAURA: Here’s the thing. He’s not a joke-telling
kind of comedian. He’s more of a farce kind of
comedian. Physical comedy. It’s more like a
jester, if you will. And I push him and-- so he
falls down. See?
MATT: (impact noise) At which point the two guards
go:
(laugh)
LAURA: He’s so good. He really sells it.
MATT: Ulog like gets off the ground and glares at
you this very furious fiery stare and then gets up
and then stumbles again and falls on the ground,
flat again. The guard goes,
"(laughs) All right, get in."
Ulog now has like a bloody nose and as you
ushers him in, he looks back. “Oh, we’re going to
talk later.”
LAURA: But I got you in the door, right?
MATT: You eventually make your way over to the
edge of the alley, coming up to the hatch that
leads you out of the sewer. There you guys see the
two approaching shapes of Jester and Ulog. Ulog
looking festive, if the wear is a bit tiny, making
his hair and beard poof out of the sides of
the mask.
MARISHA: (pigeon coos)
SAM: Where have you been?
LAURA: I got Ulog.
MARISHA: Oh shit! We almost forgot about Ulog!
LAURA: I know!
MARISHA: Oh shit!
SAM: What’s Ulog’s job in this?
LAURA: I have no freaking clue! Hey Ulog, what do
you want to do?
MATT: “Well, first off, I’m pretty keen at
infiltration. I have a long past of doing sort of
the breaking and entering thing. Plus, I want to
be there when this happens. Have a personal stake."
TRAVIS: Yeah, he should be a part of the team that
goes in.
LAURA: Okay.
MARISHA: How well do you know Lord Sutan’s place
and the area?
MATT: “I know the area alright.”
MARISHA: All right.
LAURA: We cased it earlier.
MATT: “Do you think you know where he lives?”
LAURA: Yes.
MATT: “All right. That’s all we need. The rest we
can all do. Lead on.”
LIAM: Can I insight check him? Just get a feel for
that.
MATT: Yeah, go for it.
LIAM: That is 17.
MATT: 17.
SAM: Whispers! Whispers!
TALIESIN: Mysterious whispers!
SAM: D&D Beyond!
TRAVIS: And Far Cry 5!
MARISHA: Yeah!
SAM: Far Cry 5! It’s five better than Far Cry 0.
TRAVIS: Or four better than the original.
MARISHA: The fiviest.
SAM: Yes.
TRAVIS: Takes place in America.
SAM: Montana.
LIAM: Guys, it’s Larkin.
MATT: Well there goes the campaign. As you guys
make your way through the city streets, you can
see the closer you get to the Silken Terrace, for
one, the usual silk banners that adorn the various
edges of the streets have been changed from the
usual white silk banners to bright yellows, bright
browns, bright reds. The colors of autumn are now
starting to show and appear throughout the vicinity.
MARISHA: I hate the color yellow.
TRAVIS: Really? Why?
MARISHA: I just hate it.
LAURA: It would look really pretty on you.
TALIESIN: I don’t think that’s true.
SAM: No, I don’t think so.
LAURA: I think yellow would look good on you.
TALIESIN: The blue works. Stick with it, you
know.
SAM: More of a spring…
MATT: You also hear the music begin to swell at
the various performing bands towards the center
where this gala is. You can see all the banners
leaning in the center space. The sunset colors
have vanished and now the night sky holds above.
The Crownsguard are clustered in greater numbers
in the Tri-Spire, specifically to keep a perimeter
around the event. As you glance off to the
entrance gate where you were, you can see there’s
now stationed more towards that space, since you
originally passed through. More musicians are
arriving, some locally, some appear to be from
other areas within the actual Empire. The social
elite are gathering in the center of the Silken
Terrace and you can now see the small carriages
are stopping and letting other individuals out to
join the crowds, the mingling beginning. You can
already see about 60 or 70 people, with more still
arriving. They all have their various colors and
masks on. They’re all grabbing drinks and laughing
and seeing old friends and introducing themselves
to new people they haven’t met before. Some of
them live in the Tri-Spire, some that live
throughout and beyond.
MARISHA: Any of them look familiar?
MATT: Make a perception check.
MARISHA: Don’t fuck me, Gil! Meh, you kind of
fucked me there.
LIAM: May I also do the same thing?
MARISHA: Ten.
MATT: Make a perception check.
LIAM: No, no good. Eight.
MATT: Unfortunately, you’re too far away and the
masks obscure any of sort of details. You’re
unable to see anyone you recognize, per se. But
you do see that there are long tables that mark
the perimeter that are already holding already
preset glasses of wine and ciders. You can see the
central tower of the Triumph Chime sits glowing
right at the front and center of this gala. It’s
all surrounding the base of it. And up in a spiral
you can see lanterns and similar colors of
autumn that spiral up the front of it. You guys
begin to, carefully, and out of sight, make your
way towards the estate of Lord Sutan. Please make
stealth checks, everybody.
LIAM: This is a lot of people.
LAURA: Oh wait. Who sucks?
MARISHA: Fuck!
LIAM: I rolled well.
LAURA: Who hasn’t rolled yet? Taliesin I give you
a blessing.
TALIESIN: All right. Advantage. That’s awesome.
TRAVIS: 14.
MARISHA: Why does it feel like you roll crappier
when you’re lower level? 13.
LIAM: 17.
SAM: 13.
LAURA: 20.
TALIESIN: 19.
TRAVIS: Uh!
MATT: Pretty good spread. You guys duck in
between, avoiding being seen and blend in with the
crowd as you pass other individuals that are
making their way to the actual Gala event. There
are nods and smiles, occasional laugh, as folks
are conversing and chatting as they pass. You make
your way over to the outskirts of the Gilded
Willows, beyond the Skyscape Park and where the
Constellation Bridge tower stands, to see, for
many of you the first time, the three-story dark
wood home of Lord Sutan. The marble pillars mark
the cornerstones of where the metallic iron fence
gate matches the perimeter. There’s a singular
tree and still there are two guards posted at one
and the same guard with the dog at the other.
MARISHA: Same guard.
SAM: Must be getting tired.
LIAM: I’m sorry. Can you set the scene? Two guards
at one end and one at the other?
MATT: Well it’s been a day later.
MARISHA: Are we catching them around the same
time? This is his shift. Same watch.
MATT: Seems to be.
MARISHA: All right.
LIAM: And it’s like corner-corner or front and
back or…?
MATT: If look at the-- if the building’s a square.
The house is mainly built as a rectangle, there’s
the front door and the back where the
cellar door is and there’s the perimeter fence.
LIAM: Okay.
MATT: In the front, there are two guards. In the
back, where the gate and the cellar door is,
there’s a singular guard and his dog. The tree is
up on this side.
LAURA: But there’s still a gate--
MARISHA: All the way around. With the spikes.
LIAM: The guard with the dog is within this
perimeter of fence?
MATT: It’s just on the interior of it. Just within the
gate.
MARISHA: And the gate is closed.
MATT: Correct.
LAURA: How wide are the openings in the gate? Does
it look like the mastiff could get through the
openings in the wrought-iron fence?
MATT: Probably not, no.
MARISHA: But he can still be enough of a
distraction to get the guard to chase the dog
while we get in if we can get the dog--
LIAM: To the front side of the home.
MARISHA: Maybe to the front side.
LIAM: Maybe temporary though.
SAM: We can get in through the gate and then we
get to the tree or we’re going to go straight into
the cellar?
MARISHA: That’s what I was thinking. Go into the
cellar.
LAURA: We could use the tree to get over the fence
and then run to the cellar.
MARISHA: As soon as the dog chases away the cat.
LIAM: Yeah, but what about our exit? Because we
have to come back out.
MARISHA: Well--
SAM: We worry about that later?
LIAM: No, no, we worry about that now.
MARISHA: Maybe that’s when Fjord can come and
relieve the guards?
TRAVIS: I can do that now.
MARISHA: Or he can do that now. But how do we get
Fjord on the other side of the gate?
LAURA: He walks up to him and say--
SAM: That’s very risky now because what if the
guards says “I don’t know you,” you know? Then the
plan never starts. If we do that at the end, at
least we have a fighting chance.
TRAVIS: That’s true. I could wait.
LIAM: I don’t like being stuck in there though.
LAURA: Ulog? What do you think? You’re really good
at this.
MATT: “Who’s staying outside?”
TRAVIS: I am.
TALIESIN: I am.
MATT: The two of you. All right.
MARISHA: What were those guards’ names? There were
so many guards.
TALIESIN: What were those guards’ names?
LAURA: That was at the High-Richter’s house. That
wasn’t here.
TRAVIS: Yeah that was at the High-Richter’s.
MARISHA: Yeah, but as long as you do a guard
that’s semi-recognizable.
MATT: “If we can manage, if what you’re saying
about this tree, we can possibly scoot past their
visual range and not have to worry about it. And
just use that as a backup.”
LAURA: Right.
MATT: “But we got to climb the tree.”
LAURA: We can climb a tree. We’re good at that.
TRAVIS: The tree means worst case scenario.
LAURA: And I got this grapple, so we can swing
across to the roof on the other side.
MATT: “All right. Those that are staying at the
base. The rest of us, let’s get to climbing.”
TALIESIN: If we hear the dog bark, we can walk
by.
LIAM: Also, I have another question. How far from
the fence to the home?
MATT: It’s about five feet.
LIAM: Five feet only.
MARISHA: Yeah, but spikes.
LIAM: I’m rethinking. If Frumpkin gets away from
this dog in the beginning, he can run outside the
fence and he will not be far from me. I can stay
in touch with him, so when it’s time to leave I
can have Frumpkin reenter the yard and create
mayhem a second time.
LAURA: Or let him create it the first time,
because we might not need it.
LIAM: We might not, but if we have no other option
and we’re trying to get out and there’s guards in
both places, Frumpkin can come in and create
mayhem again. Anyway, just an option.
SAM: Okay.
MATT: "We get to the top, you use your little cat
thing to distract it. Preferably the other side of
the fence."
LIAM: He's just a cat.
MATT: "Right. Your cat. On the other side of the
fence. While they're faced and focused in that
direction, we make our ascent."
LAURA: We swing it over. Somebody needs to make a
loud noise when we throw the grapple over.
SAM: You can cough or something.
LAURA: So that it doesn't make a clang sound that
they hear.
MATT: "That might be on one of you."
LIAM: A natural sound.
MATT: "All right."
SAM: I will signal you when we are grapple
throwing.
MARISHA: All right.
TALIESIN: If you also hear me make the same sound
again, that means trouble.
LAURA: I could maybe use, like, Thaumaturgy to
create a thunder sound.
SAM: Ooh, that's good.
LAURA: If it happens at the same time.
MATT: "Actually not a bad idea."
LAURA: Okay, I'll do that.
LIAM: How's the weather; is it clear or grey?
LAURA: Sometimes thunder happens out of nowhere.
MATT: It's cloudy.The sky itself is cloudy, and
has been. Even though the storm blew by, it's
still pretty heavy cloud cover.
LAURA: Oh, good.
MARISHA: All right. Up the tree!
TALIESIN: If you hear me make noise--
MATT: Those who are climbing the tree, athletics
checks please.
MARISHA: I'll go first, so I can try and help
anyone else as I go up. Can I do that?
MATT: Yeah, you can do that. So Beau goes first.
MARISHA: Athletics or acrobatics?
MATT: For climbing, we'll say athletics.
MARISHA: (whimpers)
MATT: It doesn't have a lot of branches.
MARISHA: But parkour.
LAURA: Do we get advantage because Beau's helping
us?
MARISHA: That's not great--
LIAM: Well, she's got to get up there first.
MARISHA: I got to get up there.
LIAM: She didn't roll that good.
MARISHA: Eight.
MATT: Eight? Well, you're not helping anybody.
(chuckles) You get partway up, and Ulog is
actually, like (grunting). He's doing fine. So he
pushes you up the rest of the way.
MARISHA: Give me a boost!
LAURA: Shh!
MARISHA: (whispers) Sorry!
SAM: I rolled an 18.
MATT: You climb up fine, skittering up past them.
You actually climb over Beau and Ulog to get to
the top first.
SAM: Watch my nails.
LAURA: I rolled 11.
MATT: 11? That's fine. You manage to get up there.
And Caleb?
LIAM: 17.
SAM: Ooh.
MATT: You guys all get up there. Beau is the last
to arrive.
MARISHA: (pants)
SAM: I thought you were a monk of some sort.
MARISHA: I'm sprinter. I'm not an endurance
person. Okay?
MATT: It's one if those things, too, where she
starts first, but each person keeps putting their
feet in her face on the way up.
SAM: You're all legs and no arms.
MATT: Okay, you guys get up to the top of the
tree.
You're up in the branches, in the bow, at
the top. You can see now, it's a beautiful view of
the gala in the distance. You can see the three
towers, all arcing up, all lit from underneath
from the lanterns and the light that have been
significantly brightened for the events of the
evening. You have a clear shot of the rooftop,
which is at a slight decline from this current
position. It's about ten feet from you, and about
three feet down below. You can see there are two
smokestacks that look like they're attached to
fire places that might be good indicators of
places to connect the rope. Who's throwing the
rope?
LAURA: Should I try it?
MARISHA: You're strongest.
SAM: What is this? Why do--?
LAURA: It's a grapple. Connected to a rope.
SAM: All right.
LAURA: So I hand the other side of the rope to
Ulog so it doesn't fall.
MATT: He takes it. He's like, "All right. You got
to be pretty good at aiming this."
SAM: Yeah, are you?
MATT: "It's about 15, 20 feet from here."
LAURA: Well, I'm strong.
MATT: "But can you aim it?"
LAURA: Yeah, but you're weak, aren't you?
SAM: I don't know. I feel like I'm more precise
than you. But, no, you're strong. You go for it.
LAURA: No, but you're precise.
SAM: I don't--
LIAM: Frumpkin is pacing back and forth just
outside the fence.
SAM: Parchment, boulder, shears?
LAURA: Yeah. On three?
SAM: Yes, on three. One. Two. Three! Okay, you're
throwing it.
LAURA: Okay, I'll throw it.
MATT: So go ahead and roll a d20 and add your
strength modifier.
SAM: Ooh, strength.
LAURA: Oh, that was good, okay.
11. No! 12.
MATT: You throw it. Tink, tink.
LAURA: Thunder, thunder! When I did it.
MATT: Okay. There's this roll of thunder off in
the distance. It didn't catch anything, though,
and it's scraping. Pulling back a little bit--
LAURA: More thunder. Another thunder.
SAM: It's not staying on?
MATT: It didn't manage to. It got over to the
roof, but it didn't catch anything.
MARISHA: Oh, god.
SAM: Reel it back in. Reel it back in!
MARISHA: Don't let it get caught.
LAURA: I do another thunder sound right when I
pull it, so it doesn't make noise.
MATT: Okay. So you pull it and it scrapes, falls,
and then dangles down. You manage to pull it up a
little bit, dangle it up, yeah.
SAM: Give me that. Give me that!
LAURA: Here! It is a strength thing, though.
SAM: (squeaks)
MATT: Are you just throwing it?
SAM: Yes. Natural one.
(laughter)
MATT: All right. So.
SAM: We've lost our grapple.
LAURA: No. No, Ulog was holding
onto the end of it.
MATT: He was holding the other side of it. The
grapple arcs up really high, and arcs past.
There's a brief moment where you see it go up, and
then pass by you, heading down towards the wall.
Is anyone going to do anything?
LAURA: I catch-- I try to catch the rope to try to
keep it from hitting the ground.
MATT: You could try.
SAM: Oh boy. Try!
LAURA: I'll try.
MARISHA: I don't know what to do!
LAURA: I did; I tried!
MATT: Go ahead and roll.
MARISHA: Is it flying out of our grasp;
is that what’s happening?
MATT: It looks like it’s just out of the grasp.
She's going to try, so go ahead and roll a d20.
MARISHA: She's going to try and catch it.
LAURA: I rolled a 19. I don't know what I'm
adding.
MATT: Yeah. That's fine. So you manage to just
catch it, holding onto the edge of the rope,
before it clanks onto the ground. It's just
dangling now.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
MATT: You pull it slowly back up.
MARISHA: Wait.
SAM: You said strength. I threw it as hard as I
could throw it.
MARISHA: Quiet, shut up!
SAM: Thunder!
MARISHA: (whispers) Okay, maybe if I get over, I
could hold the other end and help people.
LAURA: You can jump ten feet?
MARISHA: I think I can.
LAURA: Oh, dear lord. What if you fall on the
ground, Beau?
TRAVIS: Let this happen. Let this happen.
MARISHA: Look, we're basically gods, okay?
(laughter)
MARISHA: I can make this jump.
MATT: You going to try?
MARISHA: I'm going to cast step of the wind--
Sorry, not cast it. I'm going to use a ki point.
I'm going to take a breath, gather my
chi. Along the edge of the branch anime run--
MATT: Okay. And leap. Make an athletics check.
I'll give you advantage because of the step of the wind.
MARISHA: Step of the wind gives me, like, double
jump distance, or triple jump--dump jist--
SAM: Triple dump!
TRAVIS: Triple dungeness crabs.
TALIESIN: Oh, we had ring of truth cast. You can't
lie.
SAM: Taliesin did a triple dump earlier.
TALIESIN: I did. Solid.
MARISHA: Hang on.
MATT: Your jump distance is doubled! Yeah, you're
fine.
MARISHA: (victorious laughter)
MATT: You're fine.
LAURA: Yeah!
MATT: Just roll for the hell of it. I just want to
see what happens.
LAURA: Just so it's not a one. No ones!
SAM: It won't be a one.
MARISHA: I don't trust Gil right now. I'm not
going to trust Gil.
I'm going to go with cobalt die.
Natural 18.
MATT: You, off the branch, leap. No sound.
MARISHA: I go along the rope, and tighten the rope
as I land.
LAURA: The rope's not-- Oh, were you holding onto
the grapple?
TALIESIN: She's got the other end.
MARISHA: I was, like, tracing the rope.
MATT: You grab it, affix it easily to one of the
smokestacks you find up there.
LIAM: She is really cool.
MATT: All right.
SAM: She's amazing.
LAURA: Great. So we'll tie off the other side--
Yeah.
MATT: Ulog takes it and ties the other side of the
rope. You guys can all begin to shimmy across and
make your way.
LAURA: (whispers) We shimmy.
MATT: So. The rope is set up. Are you guys just
going to shimmy across?
SAM: Sure.
MARISHA: When do we do the cat?
SAM: Oh wait, do we have to cast-- Do we have to
have a-- Distraction!
MARISHA: The cat.
SAM: Oh, we're going to shimmy across. Because
what if the guard looks up and sees us?
LIAM: Only, Frumpkin is down at the bottom of the
tree. He runs around and--
SAM: So we do that now!
LIAM: Yeah. I think--
LAURA: Well, we do that--
SAM: Now!
LAURA: When we lower into the cellar, right
when--
SAM: No, we're going through the roof now, I
thought. No?
LAURA: Well how--?
LIAM: Wait, hold on. Is there entry through the
roof?
MATT: You're not there. You can't see it from
here.
LIAM: We can't see from here?
MARISHA: There is a chimney stack, though, right?
LIAM: A chimney stack?
We're not Santa Claus!
TRAVIS: We are now.
(laughter)
LAURA: Is there a door on the roof? How would
there be a stupid door on the roof?
SAM: There could be.
TALIESIN: Sometimes there's balconies.
LAURA: There's no balconies.
MATT: There's no balconies on this house.
SAM: Look around for a door on the roof!
MARISHA: What? Who would have a door on the roof?
SAM: Rich people.
MATT: Make an investigation check.
MARISHA: I look around. Is there a door on the
roof?
LAURA: Maybe like an attic access or something?
TALIESIN: French roof.
MARISHA: 18.
MATT: 18? You don't find an entry way per se. One
of the chimneys is wide enough for someone to pass
through. It looks like there is a part of the roof
that, if you were to try and remove some of the
shingles, there might be some sort of entrance
below it.
MARISHA: Okay.
MATT: You're on an angle there, on each side.
MARISHA: It looks like they need to re-roof. Like
they haven't done it in about 15 years. Right?
SAM: Sure.
MARISHA: So maybe we could get in. Or, go through
the cellar. Or, be like Santa Claus.
LAURA: I think we should go in through the roof.
SAM: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's shimmy across. Make
the distraction now.
LAURA: We already shimmied.
SAM: No we didn't!
MARISHA: It's happening now. It's real time. Real
time! I think.
LIAM: I'm sending Frumpkin now, okay?
SAM: Go. Sausage cat!
MATT: You watch as Frumpkin runs past (cat
yowling) outside of the gate. Immediately (dog
barking). He's like, "No!" (guard stuttering) The
dog drags him to the opposite side, like around
the outside, into the fence and is now trying to
bite. And Frumpkin's on the other side of the
fence, going (meows and hisses). (barking), right
into the fence. The guy's still holding back, like
"Shit, no, stop! God, stop it!" Is pulling. You
guys all make it across--no one seems to notice,
none the wiser--onto the roof.
LAURA: Hey, Nott. Send a message to Fjord and say,
"Hey, did we look cool, just then?"
SAM: Okay, I take out my little piece of wire and
I whisper the incantation and do the motions.
Hey, Fjord, Jester wants to know: Did we look
cool? You can respond to this message.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Did they go already?
SAM: He said, "Did they go already?"
(laughter)
TALIESIN: I heard a dog barking. I feel that this
plan was no better than ours.
MATT: You guys are watching; you guys are on--?
TALIESIN: We’re keeping an eye on the street.
MATT: Perception check from both you guys.
LIAM: Where are they in relation to us too, by the
way?
MATT: That's up to them.
TALIESIN: I think we're on a corner, like far
enough away from the house not to be a problem.
LIAM: I want to know if you're within view of the
guard with the dog's initial position.
TRAVIS: 16.
TALIESIN: 21.
MATT: Okay. Keeping an eye out there, there isn't
any, at the moment, notable individuals wandering
towards, or snooping around the house or your
position. So you feel pretty safe.
TALIESIN: You look like a guard.
TRAVIS: Not yet. I should. Yeah, I'll wander into
an alley.
MATT: And change into a crownsguard?
Okay. Got it.
TALIESIN: I got my cards out.
MATT: You guys, you are on the roof.
MARISHA: There was a guard named Cloen, who was
the guard who saw the spider.
MATT: There are two chimneys.
MARISHA: Just throwing that out there.
MATT: There is the slight roof thing that you
saw.
LIAM: So what I would do is also, once we're in
position on the roof, is I would tell Frumpkin to
back off away from that dog, out of vision, and
wait a few minutes, because he's within a hundred
feet of me. If so, we're good. Tell him to find
Molly, and sit with Molly. He'll always listen to
me, but I'm also sending him the command to listen
to Molly, if need be.
MATT: Easy enough to do. All right. So.
LIAM: You don't know that. But, still.
MATT: The barking slows. The dog is still barking
in the direction of what was there, and seems to
be still really entranced with the possibility of
getting that fucking cat. Frumpkin does find his
way to you, Molly. Guys on the roof, what are you
doing?
MARISHA: Got to get through this roof.
LIAM: What were you saying? I did not hear you.
LAURA: Pry at the shingles. Look at how deep these
go.
SAM: I'm going to go down the chimney.
LIAM: Yeah, good, we covered-- If we do the
shingles, how do we cover them up when we leave?
We're trying to leave no trace.
LAURA: Who gives a shit? Who's going to be on the
fucking roof?
MARISHA: I step around. How do the shingles feel?
MATT: Some of them loosen and slip a little bit,
and you can see there's a very, very faint groove
on the wood beneath it. Like a gap.
LAURA: Not everyone can fit through the chimney.
MARISHA: Nott!
SAM: What?
MARISHA: Do you have a dagger?
SAM: I have a shortsword.
MARISHA: Can I borrow it?
LIAM: I have a dagger.
MARISHA: Can I borrow any bladed thing? Thank
you.
SAM: I don't like to lend my items out.
MARISHA: I'm going to jack it up and see if I
can--
LAURA: I cast thunder. Thaumaturgy.
MATT: Okay. (thunder rumbling) off in the
distance. As you begin to pry a little bit, it
begins to move up. There is some sort of a hatch.
MARISHA: Does it feel like a trap door?
MATT: It feels like a trap door a little bit.
MARISHA: Oh, my god.
MATT: As it's pulling up, the shingles that are
overlapped on it are overlapping the gap and start
sliding a little bit. You immediately feel like if
you open this, you're going to send a bunch of
shingles sliding off of the roof.
LIAM: No, get them. Get them.
SAM: Let's go down the chimney. At least I can go
down there and look to see if it's possible.
MATT: There is a very faint trail of smoke coming
out of the chimney, by the way.
LAURA: There's a fire in there. What if we pull up
these shingles?
MARISHA: Yeah, pull up the shingles.
LAURA: And, like, stack them.
MATT: So you begin to collect them. Where are you
putting them?
SAM: In the haversack!
MATT: Okay. So you take a moment to go ahead and
carefully-- You have a collection now of roughly
23 roof shingles in your haversack.
MARISHA: Those could be valuable.
MATT: So you can add that to your equipment.
MARISHA: Are they clay shingles? Very valuable.
LIAM: Look out, giant red dragons.
MARISHA: Yeah. (laughs)
MATT: We'll say it takes you about five minutes or
so to finally get all those off carefully. You
manage to pry it open, and it opens up ever so
slightly, and there's a chain on each end that
prevent it from (slamming open). It opens up just
enough that you can slip inside, and there is a
small ladder there that you can use to slowly get
down into a small attic.
LAURA: I'll hold it open if you guys go scout.
MARISHA: Okay. Do you want to let them know that
we're going in?
SAM: Yes. I pull out my thing, and I do my thing.
MARISHA: Then Beau will go down first.
SAM: We're going in, to the house. You can
respond to this message.
They're dead.
LIAM: I drop in after Beauregard and I cast Detect
Magic immediately.
MATT: Okay. You cast Detect Magic.
LIAM: 30 feet.
TRAVIS: They're going in the house.
MATT: Right, 30 feet in the vicinity.
MARISHA: I do the cool thing where, like, I slide
down, like a fireman, down the ladder a little bit.
MATT: Okay. It only goes down about five feet or
so. It's a very small crawl space.
MARISHA: Well, I look real cool for five feet.
MATT: You do. It's a very small crawl space. It's
maybe, like, ten foot by five foot. It's very
dusty in here. It looks like there are a few clay
pots. There looks to be a portrait, like some sort
of a large art piece, that's leaning against the
wall and has some cobwebs over it. Other than
that, it looks fairly empty, like it hasn't been
used fully. You, casting Detect Magic. Let me
check real fast.
Yeah. So you look around the
vicinity in this chamber and you do not see any
sort of faint magical aura in the crawlspace.
SAM: Are there any other doors in this crawl space
that lead into the main?
MATT: Make an investigation check.
SAM: Natural 20.
MATT: You do find, there is another trapdoor on
the opposite end of the crawl space that is
partially blocked by the art piece that's leaning
against it. You shift it out of the way and
unhinge the top, and it opens and drops down to a
hallway that has like faint a crackling firelight
inside this hallway. You glance down inside. You
can see a long hallway with tapestries on each
wall of a beautiful writing. There are two
ornamental armor sets that are set up on the side.
You can see an ornamental sword that is bolted on
the wall on the opposite end and stairs not too
far from where you are that head further down into
the building, and there is a doorway that leads to
the right on the opposite end of the hallway.
MARISHA: Jester, can you go ahead and cast a
spell?
LAURA: What spell?
MARISHA: The locate-the-thing spell.
LAURA: I am distracted by looking at this
beautiful piece of art.
SAM: Do you want to draw a mustache on it, or
something? A dick butt?
LAURA: I think I studied this artist back at
home.
LIAM: You know, we want to be efficient here.
Quick.
LAURA: Oh, okay. It only last for ten minutes
though when I do it. So if we don't find it soon then--
LIAM: Yes, save more time to doing so. Let's start
moving. And you’re looking for bad physical things.
LAURA: I'm going to--
SAM: Traps?
SAM: Oh, God! Yes! Oh, God! I forgot to
look for any traps!
ALL: Shh!
SAM: Sorry. I going to take a big drink.
LAURA: I'm sure Ulog can look for traps, because
he's also a rogue, right?
MATT: He is, but he is behind you guys at this
point.
LAURA: Ulog, help us. Please.
MATT: "All right. The two of us will keep an eye
for traps." He's giving you an advantage. He's
giving you the help actually. You were down to
casting what spell? You were casting--
LAURA: I'm going to cast Locate Object. Cast
spell. I'm going to search for a wax seal.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: What's the light situation like in here?
MATT: You go down and there are two torches that
are burning in the edge, but they don't have a
fuel source. They are an ever-burning torch and
they are both fixed to the wall, giving this
flickering light in the vicinity. You’ve come down
to the hallway?
LIAM: Yeah.
MARISHA: LEDs, yeah.
MATT: So you guys have made your way down into the
hallway. You’re still concentrating the spell,
right?
LIAM: Hells yes.
MATT: There are magical auras emulating from these
torches. They're both everlight. You've seen this
magic before. They just continuously burn. It’s
continual flame. You also get a faint magical aura
from each of the suits of armor, and a faint
magical aura from the sword across the way on the
opposite wall.
LIAM: Okay.
LAURA: Like traps? Or they are just--
SAM: I'm going to look for traps.
MATT: Go ahead and make an investigation check
with advantage.
MARISHA: Oh, fuck.
LIAM: Do I know the school of magic?
SAM: 20.
MATT: What'd you roll? A 20?
MATT: 20. You carefully go forward and both you
and Ulog pay attention. The floorboards of this
hallway progress one after another, and there's a
cluster about four of them, about
a-foot-and-a-half across each of them, that are
slightly lifted on one side. Glancing forward, you
can see there’s some sort of pressure device that
triggers when those boards are stepped on.
LIAM: There's no magical aura from those at all?
Those are separate. You're not saying.
MATT: You're not sure.
LIAM: Okay.
SAM: Ulog, you didn't find anything. I found a
trap.
MATT: "Actually-- fine."
LIAM: The spell says I know the school of magic
for what's on these things. You able to tell me that?
MATT: Correct. I would say-- That's an interesting
question.
SAM: Necromancy.
MATT: Let me check something real fast.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
MARISHA: There's undead bodies in the armor!
MATT: We'll say it can go in two different ways.
I'm not entirely sure.
LIAM: If you don’t know how to answer, it's fine.
MATT: No, no. I do here. It would be--
LIAM: (singing) Breaking the law. Breaking the
law.
MARISHA: Breaking the law.
MATT: We'll say conjuration.
LIAM: Okay. Ja.
MATT: No, transmutation, which you know well.
SAM: Edubation.
LIAM: I'm an expert in edubation.
That's Liam, not Caleb.
TRAVIS: Mm-hm.
I have a very bad feeling about these suits of armor.
LAURA: So we won't touch them.
MARISHA: That was him. That was him. I did not say
that.
SAM: Let's jump over this little hump.
LIAM: Okay, but I don't know exactly how these
work, but I have a strong suspicion that these
things can start moving and try to cut us up. Both
these suits of armor and that weapon.
LAURA: Are those traps would set them off?
LIAM: Maybe.
MATT: Jester. As you finish concentrating on the spell and
focusing on the wax seal, you get a blip of its
location in the next chamber beyond where you are
in the door on the right.
LAURA: Oh my gosh! How great because we came in--
SAM: Let's go!
LAURA: We have to avoid the traps.
SAM: Jump over that little hump.
LIAM: Hopefully things will go very well, but
there's a chance that this thing that you are
indicating is not connected to those, so be ready
to fight.
LAURA: So duck down. It's like The Neverending
Story. Don't be afraid, you guys, just go!
SAM: Wait, what if-- we are up shit's creek. So we
need Schmidt's creek. What if you have Schmidt do
something? Can Schmidt go do something?
MATT: As this is happening, Ulog is sighing
loudly, pulls out some tools, and begins to fiddle
with where the boards are on the ground. He
manages to get a shortsword of his pressed
underneath where the boards are and slips it
across, slightly lifting each one as he goes until
the sword peeks out the opposite side acting as a
platform beneath.
MARISHA: Dope! Yeah!
SAM: I told him to do that, I sort of--
He goes, "Watch and learn, little one."
LAURA: It's like a training session.
MATT: He goes and carefully steps on the boards,
and then steps across with no effect.
SAM: Is he mansplaining to me?
MATT: Roguesplaining, technically.
LIAM: This. Is. Exciting.
LAURA: Come on this only lasts ten minutes let's
go!
MARISHA: Someone stay watch. We're going to go
this way.
SAM: We're making progress! You can respond to
this message.
TRAVIS: I'm over here.
SAM: We're making progress!
(laughter)
MATT: As you guys head in, there's the closed door
that leads into the chamber where you're sensing
this aura.
LAURA: Okay. Detect for traps. Look for traps on
this door.
SAM: Me? Okay. I'm gonna look for traps. Eight, plus
five. 13.
MATT: 13, okay. It is trapped.
SAM: Oh! It's a door? That's trapped?
MATT: Yes. It's not locked, but it is trapped.
MARISHA: Do I hear any movement in the house?
MATT: Make a perception check.
LAURA: How do we disarm a trap?
MARISHA: Not bad, not bad.
SAM: We let Ulog do it!
MARISHA: 15.
MATT: 15. You listen out. You do not hear any
movement in the house other than what you
currently are making.
MARISHA: Okay.
TALIESIN: (hiccups)
MATT: And a hiccup from out in the distance.
TALIESIN: Hello, pick a card.
MATT: Perception check from both of you guys, by
the way, while this is happening.
TRAVIS: 11.
TALIESIN: 11.
MATT: Okay. You don't seem to notice anything. All
right. So you guys--
SAM: I'm going to try to disarm it.
MATT: All right. You pull out your thieves'--
SAM: Do I see the triggering mechanism?
MATT: We'll find out! Go ahead and make a thieves'
tools check. So roll a d20, add your proficiency
modifier and your dexterity modifier. Should be
plus six, I think?
SAM: Yes, 16.
MATT: 16! As you carefully get down to where the
knob is, you begin to turn it ever so slightly and
you hear this spring begin to tighten, and you're
familiar with that sound. So you manage to get
your tool underneath, and you find where the
spring is, it's barely in the space between where
the door and the edge of the door frame is. You
get the tool underneath, capture it, and as you
pull the door open it prevents the spring from
pulling back into the device. You slowly, as you
expose it, reach in, snap the opposing side and
remove the spring entirely, leaving the trap
inert.
SAM: These are your tools, Beau!
LIAM: I wish I was still a rogue, it's the best
class!
SAM: I feel so alive!
MATT: As the door opens into a fairly
well-decorated master bedroom. You see a large
canopy bed, a beautiful detailed embroidered rug
that consumes the center of the floor. You can see
a fireplace to your right, the one that you saw
that was attached to the top of the roof, that has
a fire burning in it. It has two giant statues of
lions on each side, this cool detailed shelf
there. You can see a table with chairs to your
left. You can see a slight opening to a balcony
that's not visible from the outside.
SAM: Ooh, an invisible balcony.
LIAM: I walk up behind Nott and scan the room with
the spell.
MATT: Okay. You're just scanning the room?
LIAM: I'm just walking up behind Nott, no further,
and looking in to see what glows.
MATT: All right. As you glance in and look, there
is immediately to your left a large metal cabinet
of some kind. It is made of dark iron, and gives a
very faint magical aura to it. The rug in the
center of the room gives a faint magical aura as
well.
SAM: The rug?
LAURA: Flying carpet!
TALIESIN: No.
LAURA: Look for traps in the room.
SAM: Okay. Did you see the lock I just--
TRAVIS: Fuckin' focus!
LAURA: I did, but hurry!
SAM: 19.
MATT: You're looking for--
SAM: Traps.
MATT: Okay, investigation check. You glance around
and look in the chamber. You don't see anything
that gives the essence of a trap to you. It looks
like the trap was part of the entry here, but
there's nothing immediately in the vicinity that
resembles a triggering trap.
LIAM: What kind of magic is emanating from the
carpet? What school of magic?
MATT: The carpet? It's also transmutation, and the
magic on the large case has a faint abjuration.
LAURA: Where is the glow for the seal is coming
from?
MATT: It's underneath the rug.
LIAM: I alert everyone. The carpet is magical.
SAM: We should not step on it.
LAURA: Well, I need to move it because the seal is
under the rug.
MARISHA: The seal's under the rug?
SAM: Do we have anything that can negate the magic
or--
MARISHA: Do you have Dispel Magic?
LIAM: I do not.
SAM: Can Schmidt stand on the carpet? Oh! I can
move it with my Mage Hand or something, or peel it
back with my mage hand.
MATT: Mage Hand. Very helpful when setting
grappling hooks on roofs.
SAM: Oh, shit! Shut up, Ulog!
MATT: "I'm just saying, if I knew you could do
that, you could've--"
SAM: Fuck you, I know what I'm doing.
LAURA: So move the fucking carpet!
SAM: You want me to move the carpet?
LAURA: Move the rug.
MARISHA: Can I do a look for anything that looks
out of place, any papers, anything, trap doors?
MATT: Investigation check.
LIAM: I have a question. The carpet reeks of
abjuration, or-- I would know that the carpet is magical.
SAM: It was transmutation.
LIAM: Transmutation. If the carpet is magical, I
wouldn't--
MATT: You can only see magical sources from what
you can see. So if a thing's behind a wall or
behind an object you don't see an aura.
LIAM: Right. The carpet seems magical to me, I
wouldn't think that something under the carpet is magical.
TRAVIS: Yep, I saw it.
MARISHA: Natural 20.
MATT: Natural 20! As they're having this
conversation, you glance by the fireplace, the
fire is crackling in there, and you glance down
and right underneath the hearth, up where the
fire's tickling, you see a piece of the stonework
that doesn't match the others, it's slightly
off-colored. It looks like the burning of the fire
that's been given this dark and blackened look to
it, there's one brick there that doesn't seem to
have been affected by any of the soot at all.
MARISHA: I, avoiding the rug, lightly step over
it, and see if I can jiggy the brick out.
MATT: As your finger presses against the brick it
slides in about a half an inch, and you hear this
(click) sound over by where the metal large
cabinet is.
LAURA: You just unlocked the fucking metal shit!
MARISHA: Oh shit!
LIAM: Do I see any change in the abjuration magic
when she does that?
MATT: Yes.
MARISHA: Does it go away?
MATT: It vanishes.
(cheering)
SAM: I'm going to cast Message. We are the fucking
best! You can respond to this message!
(laughter)
LAURA: I got to get that seal!
LIAM: What you just did dispelled whatever ward
was on the cabinet, however the carpet I can't
tell exactly what's going on but there is
something--
LAURA: Use the Mage Hand to move the carpet.
MARISHA: Give me the papers.
SAM: I cast Mage Hand and slowly peel back a
corner of the carpet.
LAURA: I hand the two letters that we made for
Lord Sutan.
MATT: Okay, the carpet peels back and it reveals
beneath it a section of the wood that has a hinge
bolted to one side of it. It's a square that's cut
out of it, it looks like it's an open case. The
carpet peels back, and then begins to fold back in
its space, and then fold up again. It begins to
slightly shift and rise, and the carpet almost
seems to be gliding in the air on its own in the
vicinity. It spins towards you and then rushes
in your direction. I need everyone to roll initiative.
MARISHA: We're fighting a carpet! The fuck!
LAURA: We're fighting a carpet.
TALIESIN: We had it coming.
LIAM: It's an animated object!
TRAVIS: I had that in my one-shot.
LIAM: My kids have fought a broom. This happens.
LAURA: Whoa, look at that carpet!
MATT: That carpet is now gone, because instead you
are fighting that carpet.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: It's like a cobra ready to strike!
MATT: All righty, so Nott would've been over
here.
LAURA: So we're rolling initiative, that's what
we're doing?
MATT: Yes, roll initiative, please. Beau, you're
over by the fireplace so you've just seen that
happen there, and I think that's--
LIAM: I would be by Beau because I clapped her on
the shoulder.
MATT: Right, right.
SAM: Yeah, Holly.
(laughter)
MATT: I forgot my dwarf mini.
SAM: Oh no!
MATT: Well, no, it's in here somewhere. Forgot to
bring it out. I am unprepared!
TRAVIS: Unprepared. Just use a d4.
LIAM: (sarcastically) You are not prepared, oh
no.
MATT: That's fine, I'll use this. I'll say that
that's him there, it's fine. Given that case,
guys, first it's a surprise round, as it whips its
way over towards Nott.
SAM: It gets a surprise round.
MATT: It does, because it suddenly rushes in your
direction. That is going to be a 21 to hit.
SAM: That hits.
MATT: Natural 16. It goes and wraps around you and
completely envelops you within itself. All of a
sudden you just see darkness, and you cannot
breathe.
MARISHA: Oh, this is going to suck.
MATT: Currently you are enveloped by the Rug of
Smothering.
MARISHA: The Rug of Smothering.
MATT: Initiative here. Top of the round, 25 to 20
anybody.
SAM: 24.
MATT: 24, that'll be you first, Nott. 20 to 15?
LAURA: 17.
MARISHA: 15.
MATT: Beau. 15 to 10?
TALIESIN: 15.
MATT: What'd you get Caleb?
LIAM: Well you know, I rolled a nine.
MARISHA: Oh my god!
TRAVIS: I’m not in this one, fucker. You guys are
the best, that's the last we heard.
(laughter)
LIAM: (singing) You're the best around! Nothing's
ever going to bring you down!
MATT: It's true! Nott, it's your turn first. You
are restrained, you are blinded, and you are
suffocating. At the start of your turn, you
immediately take 12 points of bludgeoning damage
as it's now crushing and constricting your entire
body. You feel the life being pulled out of you as
you're gasping for breath in this space. What are
you going to do with your turn?
SAM: A VS spell is verbal. Can I talk?
MATT: Yes, you can still talk. You're (muffled
sounds). You still have the breath you had in your
body when it went around you, so I'll say you have
enough air for one spell and then that's all.
SAM: Okay. I will touch it with Shocking Grasp,
cast Shocking Grasp on it.
MATT: Is that a spell attack roll?
SAM: It's touch, to hit plus five. So I have to
roll.
MATT: Yeah, you would have disadvantage because
you're restrained, but it's also smothering you so
I would give you advantage to that, so it's just a
straight roll.
SAM: 13 plus five. 18!
MATT: That hits! Go ahead and roll damage.
SAM: Okay. One point of damage. However, it can't
take reactions until its next turn.
MATT: Good to know.
SAM: Does it let me go?
MATT: Nope!
SAM: I can't move away from it?
MATT: No, you are restrained. You can try and
break free, but it's an action to try.
SAM: Oh shit. Well, poo.
MATT: But hey, there you go. Jester, you're up.
LAURA: Okay, I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt on
it.
MATT: Okay. You see it wrapping around and Nott's
flailing about as this carpet is crushing her
little body. Go ahead and--
LAURA: Roll a ranged attack.
MATT: Yes. Go for it.
LAURA: Oh! Natural 19.
MATT: Oh yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage
on that.
LAURA: That's 4d6. Radiant.
TRAVIS: Yeah, get it!
SAM: Damn!
LAURA: 15 damage, and the next attack has
advantage against it.
MATT: Okay, it takes eight points of radiant
damage, and Nott takes seven points of radiant damage.
LAURA: (gasping) Oh no!
MATT: As you blast you hear Nott (muffled
screaming) underneath, you get the sense all the
damage dealt to this rug is divided with whoever
it's enveloping.
LAURA: Oh no, I'm sorry, Nott!
SAM: I can't hear you.
TRAVIS: He doesn't know who's doing it, that's
okay.
MATT: Jester, you going to stay where you are?
LAURA: Where am I?
MATT: Sorry, you would've been probably over
here.
LAURA: Oh no, how do we get it off?
LIAM: We damage it.
LAURA: No, but we can't damage it.
MATT: You going to move or stay here?
LIAM: No, I understand, but we damage it.
LAURA: I'm going to go stand on the bed!
MATT: You move around and stand on the bed!
SAM: And jump!
MATT: All righty. That ends your turn Jester.
Beau, you're up.
MARISHA: All right. I'm going to run up with my
staff and do a crack crack.
LAURA: No, but--
MARISHA: Let me do my fucking thing, man. Let me
do my fucking thing.
TRAVIS: She doesn't know.
MARISHA: I have no fucking clue.
TRAVIS: Same six seconds!
LAURA: No, but you just heard Nott scream!
LIAM: No one knows, who the fuck knows?
MARISHA: Sorry, Nott. Crack!
SAM: (screaming) I'm hurting! You can reply to
this message!
MARISHA: 16 for the first one.
MATT: That hits. Roll damage.
MARISHA: Okay, that is six damage.
MATT: That's three to you, Nott.
SAM: I'm unconscious.
TRAVIS: Are you?
SAM: Uh-huh.
TRAVIS: Oh shit. Fuck.
MARISHA: For the second one.
LAURA: Oh no, you're going to kill Nott!
MARISHA: That hits. That's a natural 16. And
that's seven damage.
MATT: Seven damage. That's four damage to the
thing and you fail a death saving throw.
MARISHA: Now I'm going to spend a ki point.
TRAVIS: Doesn't she fail two?
MATT: No, that's on a critical. She wasn't
attacking Nott specifically. She was attacking the rug.
MARISHA: I'm going to spend a ki point and do
something that I have yet to do, which is Extract Aspects.
SAM: What does that mean?
TRAVIS: It can't have that many hit points,
right?
MATT: Okay. So you hit it twice.
MARISHA: Then I'm going to see if I can catch any
reverberations off of the rug.
MATT: All right. And it makes a what saving throw?
Constitution?
MARISHA: Constitution.
MATT: That is an 11.
MARISHA: Fail!
MATT: All right. What do you want to know about
it?
MARISHA: I want to know its damage
vulnerabilities. What's it vulnerable to?
MATT: It is actually not vulnerable to anything.
MARISHA: What?! Do I get something else?
MATT: You learned it is not vulnerable to
anything.
LIAM: You learned it's badass.
TRAVIS: Goddamn it.
LAURA: We have to try to pull the rug off of-- We
have to out-strength the rug!
LIAM: Next. Moving on.
MARISHA: Hey guys, Nott's in the rug.
SAM: (muffled screaming)
MATT: Now it's Ulog's turn. Ulog, who sees the rug
there, is going to rush over and attempt to--
LIAM: Oh, Ulog is a little girl.
MATT: I know. It was the best I could find in the
moment, you know?
TRAVIS: It works.
MATT: It's fine. He rolls a two, because NPCs that
I try and fight with can't roll shit. That misses.
That misses. To your benefit, Ulog tries to stab
and is missing or hitting the edge of the tassels.
It's not even making an impact on the rug. He is
going to use a bonus action to disengage and head
back towards where the balcony is. All right. So
that goes ahead and ends that. That brings us to
the rug's turn. The rug is going to go ahead and
release Nott, and is going to attempt to
completely envelop Beau.
MARISHA: Hey guys, Nott's down-- Oh shit.
MATT: That's cocked. That is another 16. 21.
MARISHA: Hits.
LAURA: Oh, no.
MATT: You, Beau, are now enveloped by the rug.
MARISHA: Hey guys, I think this rug (choking).
LAURA: How do we defeat this rug before it kills
all of us?
MATT: All righty. That's going to go ahead and end
the rug's turn.
TRAVIS: How'd you guys die? A rug.
TALIESIN: Rugs are the new doors.
MATT: Actually, the rug's going to go ahead,
because it can still move-- Well, it's speed is
nothing, nevermind.
TRAVIS: What? It moves into the fireplace?
MATT: Well it would move her away. No, it's not
going to do that.
TRAVIS: (screams)
MATT: It doesn't have enough movement to move
much. That brings us to the bottom. Caleb, you're up.
LIAM: Yeah, I pull the potion of healing I have
out of my belt, and I run over to Nott and I jam
it into her mouth and pour it in. The whole time
I'm going through my list of spells thinking of
what could help. There's nothing, but I'm going:
Dancing Lights, Fire Bolt, Friends, Alarm, Burning
Hands, Chromatic Orb, Comprehend Languages, Detect
Magic. And I heal Nott.
MATT: Go ahead and roll for the heal on that.
MARISHA: And before I got wrapped up I said it's
not immune to any-- (choking)
It has no weaknesses-- (choking)
MATT: All righty. So how much does Nott heal?
LIAM: 14 points.
TRAVIS: Whoa!
SAM: From one healing potion?
LIAM: Greater.
MATT: There you go. Top of the round. Nott, your
turn. As you come to consciousness, you are still prone.
TRAVIS: Return that damage.
MATT: Caleb moved around to join your side there
to go ahead and apply the potion.
SAM: We can't hurt Beau!
MARISHA: No, it's fine.
SAM: I will go and try to wrestle the--
TRAVIS: You're a god!
MARISHA: (choking)
MATT: You know what, go ahead and make an
athletics check.
SAM: Two.
MATT: No. You rush up and you grab it, and it
actually lifts you off your feet and you are now
being flailed in the air as you're grabbing the
edge of the rug, going (screams).
SAM: (screaming)
MATT: All right that ends your turn. Jester,
you're up.
LAURA: I'm going to try to go help Nott and I'm
going to do the same thing. I'm going to try to
pry the rug off of Beau.
MATT: Okay. You move up. Go ahead and make an
athletics check.
MARISHA: This is the best!
TALIESIN: That's a number.
LAURA: That's a number. It's a 12.
MATT: 12. You grab and you're not pulled off your
feet, but the rug is too strong and it's not quite
releasing its hold on Beau. Beau, it's your turn.
At the top of your turn, you suffer ten points of
bludgeoning damage.
TRAVIS: Wow!
MATT: As it's crushing your body on the inside and
you cannot breathe. It is your turn, though. You
can still go.
LIAM: He's killing our nostalgia for the carpet.
LAURA: I wonder if there's something in the room
that will--
SAM: Turn it off?
LAURA: Turn it off.
LIAM: He would have had to have told me that there
was magic anywhere else in the room.
LAURA: No, because the thing in the fireplace.
LIAM: Right, was physical. That's true.
MATT: What are you doing, Beau?
MARISHA: Can I do any type of attack? What can I
do?
MATT: Yeah, you just have disadvantage on the
attacks.
MARISHA: I just have disadvantage.
LIAM: Come on, you are a badass. You can do it.
TRAVIS: Roll that fucking shit.
MARISHA: Okay, I'm going to try and elbow the
fucking shit out this rug.
LIAM: You're the best of all of us.
MARISHA: I am the best!
TRAVIS: Oh, fuck.
MARISHA: Fuck you, Gil.
TRAVIS: Terrible, just awful.
MARISHA: 11.
LIAM: Wait, did you roll a 20 and an eight?
MARISHA: No, I rolled my damage die.
MATT: So it was an 11?
MARISHA: For the first one.
MATT: Misses.
MARISHA: Uh-huh. Second one.
LIAM: Come on, Beau.
MARISHA: No! It's a two.
MATT: It's just too tight. You can't quite get any
movement to hit it. It's a bad space for you.
MARISHA: Oh wait, you said-- oh, disadvantage.
TRAVIS: We're the best.
MATT: That ends your turn. It is now Ulog's go.
Ulog is going to rush up and attempt to stab at it
as he sees it wrapping around there. That is a 12.
That hits.
TRAVIS: A 12 hits.
MATT: Yeah, I know.
TRAVIS: Guys.
MATT: It does do sneak attack damage, because you
guys are in the vicinity.
MARISHA: Wait, what?
SAM: He's doing sneak attack damage to the carpet,
which translates to you.
MARISHA: That's fine.
MATT: He doesn't know. He's trying to help. That's
going to be 12 points of piercing damage, so six
to the rug and six to you.
SAM: Oh, okay.
MARISHA: Ouch.
MATT: The rug is starting to look a little torn up
in places and you can see bits of Beau showing
through where the gashes are stabbing through.
It's looking fairly hurt.
MARISHA: Bits of Beau. Bits of Beau are showing.
LIAM: Who wore it best?
MATT: It's the rug's turn. The rug is going to
attempt to shift itself and Beau a little bit away
this direction. It can only get five feet because
its speed is halved pulling you along with it and
its speed is ten. So Nott, you get an attack of
opportunity, if you want to take one.
LAURA: It's looking weak.
SAM: Sure, I'll swing a shortsword at it.
MATT: You whip out your shortsword quickly.
SAM: 21 to hit.
MATT: That hits. Go ahead and roll damage with
sneak attack. If you want to sneak attack. You
don't have to.
SAM: Yeah, sure. If I'm going to hit it, I'm going
to hit it. (counting) 15.
MATT: 15, all right. That's eight to the rug and
seven to Beau.
SAM: Oh, she's out.
LIAM: No, she's not out.
She's hanging on.
MATT: The rug is barely holding on by a thread.
You see it still keeps her constrained. You see
parts of it are fraying and falling apart. The
threads are dangling, but it's still keeping its
mass strongly and tightly around her. It's still
crushing her and mainly wrapped around her face so
she can't see and she can't breathe. That ends the
rug's turn. Caleb, you're up.
LIAM: Ja.
MATT: You're up.
LIAM: What am I doing? I rush forward and I am
going to try to pry the rug off of her.
MATT: Make an athletics check.
LIAM: Ja. Come on, roll big. Nope.
Athletics? Nein!
ALL: Nein!
MATT: There it is. You're trying to pull and you
get some threads that snap off and you're like
"Shit!" It's not working. You're not getting the
right grasp on it.
LIAM: Next.
MATT: That ends Caleb's turn. Nott, you're up.
SAM: Me? What about Jes?
MATT: No, it's you and then Jester.
SAM: Oh, that was a reaction. Well, I guess I see
how bad the rug is doing and I will swing that
shortsword again. Why not?
LAURA: Vengeance.
SAM: It's a 15.
MATT: Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage.
If you want to do it with sneak attack, up to you.
SAM: You said it was hanging by a thread, right?
MATT: It looks like it’s doing pretty rough. It's
up to you.
SAM: Maybe not sneak attack damage. Ooh, ten
points?
(laughter)
MATT: So that's five damage to Beau and the rug.
MARISHA: Guys, this rug is expensi--
MATT: You tear through the rug. You cut through
and the rug bisects, but you also see that where
you cut through also cut across the front of Beau
as her eyes roll back and she plops onto the
ground, the rug falling in pieces to the ground
around her, coming to rest.
MARISHA: Don't let me bleed on it!
SAM: Ah! What have I done?! Heal her!
LAURA: I will. I cast Cure Wounds on her.
MATT: Okay, go ahead and cast Cure Wounds to
heal.
LAURA: Eight points.
MARISHA: (gasps) I didn't bleed on it, did I? I
move off the rug so I don't bleed on it.
MATT and LAURA: The rug is shredded.
SAM: I'm going to cast Message. Remember the
hospital? That. You can reply to this message.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: It's going as well as the hospital.
TALIESIN: That seems fair.
LAURA: He's going to know we were in his room
because the rug is messed up.
SAM: We'll fix it later.
LIAM: That's okay, because if the plan goes
according to plan, yeah. Allow myself to introduce
myself. If everything goes well, we get Orentha to
fall on both of these people at once. So let's
finish what we're doing, ja?
LAURA: Okay.
LIAM: Ja, doesn't matter. No one is going to
care about a rug or him screaming about a rug.
LAURA: Okay. Let's gather up the pieces of the rug
so it's not, you know.
MATT: So you gather all the pieces of the rug to
join your shingles.
MARISHA: Scoop up the rug.
LAURA: Check the fucking thing if it's trapped.
LIAM: Check that armoire or whatever it is.
LAURA: No, check the thing on the ground and see
if it's trapped first.
LIAM: Check them both.
SAM: I'll check the thing on the ground while Ulog
checks the thing on the mantelpiece or wherever it is.
LIAM: He's got a safe and a floor.
SAM: What am I checking? 14 on the thing on the
floor.
MATT: It does not appear to be
trapped. It does appear to be locked. Roll again.
LIAM: No more magic?
MATT: Correct.
SAM: 15 plus thieves' tools.
MATT: Yeah, easy enough. (lock clicks) You manage
to open it up and there is a small chest about
that big that rests in a small cubby beneath.
SAM and LAURA: What does it have in it?
MATT: As you open the chest, make a constitution
saving throw.
SAM: Oh, shit.
Ten.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: Son of a gun.
MATT: So first, there's a sudden burst of a brief
light through it, and all your muscles tense up
and you are paralyzed.
LIAM: Motherfucker.
MARISHA: Okay. It's okay.
LIAM: What about Ulog?
MARISHA: What about Ulog?
LIAM: Because it's simultaneous.
MATT: Ulog goes, "No traps," and pulls it open. No
issue.
LIAM: What is in there with Ulog?
MATT: Inside with Ulog, you see a beautiful set of
burgundy and gold robes that are up hanging, you
see a set of polished bracers made of cobalt steel
that are both dangling on a hook, and you see
three ancient statuettes, like relics or
collector's items, that are arranged on the bottom
of it that all look like old museum pieces.
MARISHA: Do they have any symbols on them? On the
statues?
LIAM: All magical, I assume. I assume they're
glowing.
MATT: Are you still concentrating?
LIAM: Yeah, I haven't cast anything that breaks
that.
MATT: That's true, you didn't take any damage.
None of them are glowing except for the cobalt
bracers.
MARISHA: Do I recognize any symbols or see any
symbols on the statues?
MATT: Make a history check.
MARISHA: Ten.
MATT: Ten. You do not, unfortunately.
LIAM: Nott just collapsed on the floor,
paralyzed.
LAURA: No, Nott's paralyzed holding onto the
chest.
MATT: Holding to the chest. The chest which is now
open, in Nott's hand.
LAURA: I am petting Nott's head and going: Don't
worry, in the morning, I can take a spell that
will heal you, so we'll carry you out here, okay?
Everything will be fine.
LIAM: I pull the chest free of Nott's hands. Is
this chest glowing?
MATT: No.
LAURA: No, it's got the seal in it. Does it have
the seal in it?
MATT: On the inside there is a faint glow. If you
look inside, you see there's a cluster of platinum
pieces. They're stacked on the side and have
shifted around from the movement. You see a single
polished river stone, about that big, that is
giving a glowing aura, and you see a few sticks of
wax and a single pressed wax seal.
LAURA: Okay. I sit down. Oh, do we see his
handwriting anywhere? Any letters?
MATT: You do not see in this vicinity any letters
or handwriting, no.
MARISHA: It's okay. He always gets his squires to
do his dirty work. But we have the seal.
LAURA: Okay. I'll sit down and I'll write a letter
really fast that says, "The plan--"
MARISHA: He's working with the Myriad, and all
that stuff earlier.
LIAM: We have that already. We did it in advance.
I start rooting through Nott's pockets to find the
letter in Thieves' Cant.
LAURA: No, that's different. Those are letters we
were leaving here.
LIAM: Yeah, Thieves' Cant we're leaving here.
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: So we should leave them here.
MARISHA: But we wrote up the letters for the
High-Richter too, just so we can stamp.
LAURA: We didn't actually write that letter yet
because I was waiting for his handwriting.
MARISHA: Yeah we did because we put the Knights of
Requital in it. The KR symbol.
LAURA: Sure, why not?
LIAM: From Richter to Sutan we did, so we're
leaving those, and we're leaving a note--
MATT: Marisha, make a perception check. You both
make perception checks.
LIAM: Nott's fake Myriad note we're leaving here,
so I pull that out of Nott's pockets.
MARISHA: 18.
MATT: 18? You do glance--
TALIESIN: Natural 20.
TRAVIS: 17.
MATT: Good to know. You glance off to the side and
there is a desk in the corner that has two sets of
drawers that are currently closed.
LIAM: While Jester and Caleb are arguing, Caleb
grabs the little magical stone that's in that box
and puts it in his pocket.
MATT: Okay. You grab it and put it in your
pocket.
MARISHA: I stuff the letters that we were planting
on the High-Richter in the-- sorry, on Sutan into
the safe.
MATT: Okay.
MARISHA: Close the safe.
MATT: Okay (clicking).
MARISHA: Run over to the desk, open the desk, look
through it. Do I see anything?
MATT: Mostly it's just blank parchment. You do see
a few notes that are maybe partially written
letters that were crumpled up and thrown in there
that are Lord Sutan's handwriting.
LAURA: (gasps) Let me see!
MARISHA: Yeah, go!
LAURA: Okay! I look at it and then I sit down and
write the letter and go-- okay, what's her name?
The High-Richter's letter's first name?
TRAVIS: Prucine.
MARISHA: Prucine! Dayana Prucine!
LAURA: Dayana, okay. I'm going to write: Dayana,
got your message, our plan is moving forward
exactly as we discussed. The Myriad has our back!
MARISHA: Sure, yeah.
LAURA: Sure. Then sign it Lord Sutan.
MARISHA: Sure.
LAURA: Oh! And something about the Big-O going
down.
MARISHA: Yes!
LAURA: The Big-O will go down.
MARISHA: Tonight, plan happening, sooner than
later.
MATT: Okay. Go ahead and roll for your forgery
kit. So roll a d20, add your proficiency modifier
and your intelligence modifier.
TALIESIN: This is hard, being outside.
MATT: I'm sorry, guys.
TALIESIN: It's okay. Someone had to do it.
LAURA: Roll my proficiency plus my intelligence.
Aw, my intelligence?! Why not wisdom?
(laughter)
LIAM: Got to do it.
LAURA: Nine.
MARISHA: Is there any way I can help her? Like
being also proficient in forging in this
background and stuff?
MATT: Sure. I'll say since you were helping her
that I'll give you advantage on the roll.
LAURA: Advantage?
MATT: Advantage on the roll. So roll one more
time.
LAURA: (sighs) Ooh, that's so much better! 22!
MATT: You start making one and it's not quite
working out and Beau looks over your shoulder,
points it out, you take it--
MARISHA: Ah, you forgot the hooks on the G's!
MATT: You throw it in the fireplace and incinerate
that one and then make another one. This one is
pretty solid and it matches the writing
perfectly.
LAURA: This is really good.
MARISHA: Wow, yes! It looks amazing. You should be
proud.
LAURA: I roll it up, heat up the wax, seal it--
MATT: (hissing) Done.
LAURA: Put the letter in the bag. We have it for
later. Then I go and pick up Nott. Let's get out of here.
MARISHA: Let's get the fuck out of here.
LIAM: We've left the Thieves’ Cant note from the
"Myriad" and we've left the--
Yeah? Everything that we've planned?
LAURA: Does anyone have any books around?
MATT: In the current room? There is a shelf in the
hallway that you can see that has a few books.
LIAM: Is anything glowing there though, Matthew?
MATT: No there's nothing glowing.
LIAM: Okay.
LAURA: I'm going to take out one of the pamphlets
for the Traveler and stick it into one of the
books.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: Okay, and then I pick up Nott!
MATT: You guys make your way back up to the
entranceway up into the crawlspace above the
attic, pull it closed and latch it. You move the
art piece back over. You make your way back to the
edge of the roof where you guys had exited,
climbing the ladder that's attached to it, making
your way onto the roof, getting Nott up there,
manhandled, Ulog following you as you get to the
top. You close it--
MARISHA: Put some shingles back.
MATT: You put the shingles back in the space. For
that, I'm going to have to have you both roll
dexterity checks, please. Or, since you're
helping, have you roll a dexterity check with
advantage, because you're helping her.
MARISHA: Okay. Just straight dexterity?
MATT: Yes.
MARISHA: 15.
MATT: 15. Okay. You manage to find and arrange
them in a way where they aren't going to slide off
and even with a bit of rain that's in there you
find the pockets where they originally, mostly
sitting so they're not going to coast with any
sort of weather shift.
MARISHA: It looks all right, right? Okay.
LAURA: I pick up Nott. I walk her as we tiptoe
across the roof.
MATT: All right. You guys are noticing at this
point as they're on the roof, because you're
paying attention you see them begin to emerge on
the roof as you begin to see a cluster of
crownsguard doing a pass through the street.
TALIESIN: So I know that we can see if they're
coming through?
MATT: Yeah.
TALIESIN: We may need to distract. I'm going to:
Go fuck with the dog. I push the cat away with
that. And do you want to go out?
TRAVIS: Do what?
TALIESIN: Do you want-- we distract Crownsguard?
TRAVIS: Yes, of course. Yeah. (clears throat)
MATT: There's four of them that are approaching
and they're going by and keeping an eye on things.
TRAVIS: I walk up to the four of them.
MATT: Okay.
TRAVIS: I heard there's a disturbance over here. I
need some assistance, please.
MATT: "What kind of disturbance?"
TRAVIS: There's a rowdy bunch over here, been
drinking too much already, anticipating the
festival. Would you come with me?
MATT: Make a deception check.
TRAVIS: Oh, god. 13.
TALIESIN: Can I assist?
MATT: Technically, no because you weren't part of
it.
TALIESIN: I was about to-- yeah, I know, yeah.
MATT: Had to catch it before the roll,
unfortunately.
TALIESIN: All right.
MATT: That's okay, (chuckles) he rolled a one. The
snitch isn't working for me tonight.
LAURA: Oh god. Move.
MATT: So the two of them don't seem to quite buy
into it, but the two of them that go, "Well, all
right. We'll follow. Lead on." Leads the three--
you jog along. Two of them continue their route.
TALIESIN: How's your evening going gentlemen?
MATT: "Keep moving along."
TALIESIN: Want a free tarot reading? I'm on a
five-minute break for the entertainment.
MATT: "We're all right, but thank you." They keep
walking.
TALIESIN: I sent the cat, so the cat should be--
LIAM: Yeah. (angry meow)
MATT: Frumpkin makes his way around. (barking)
Again, the dog unleashes a torrent of barks, like
"No, not again!" You hear the other guy being
pulled across the yard. He's being dragged through
the wet grass. You guys begin to make your way
across. Who's carrying Nott across?
LAURA: I will.
LIAM: Yeah.
LAURA: I'm going to try to hook Nott over me. So
like she's attached.
MATT: Make an athletics check as you try to make
your way across the rope.
TRAVIS: We've got this.
MARISHA: I'm going to try to hold the rope as hard
as I can. (grunts)
LIAM: Athletics check? For everybody, right?
MARISHA: Oh come on, girl.
LAURA: Five.
MARISHA: Fuck! That's not good.
TRAVIS: (chuckling) You pulling your eyebrows
off?
MATT: So do you want to save yourself or Nott?
Because one of you is falling.
LAURA: I save Nott and I'll fall.
MATT: As you grasp, you loop Nott around the rope.
As you lose your grip, feeling it coming and you
tumble down.
Falling three stories.
TALIESIN: That many stories?
LAURA: Three stories.
MARISHA: I know. We were three stories up.
MATT: So you take 12 points of bludgeoning damage
as you crack! Hit the ground.
LAURA: (pained) Oh. Thaumaturgy. Thunder.
MATT: As you impact, the two guards that were
talking to you and chatting,
immediately whip around and see Jester on
the ground and put their hands on their weapons
and begin rushing towards her.
LAURA: Am I on the outside of the--
MATT: You're on the outside of the fence, yeah.
LAURA: Okay, that's great.
MATT: Like just barely. You just missed the wall.
MARISHA: Do I have Nott on the rope?
MATT: Nott is up on the rope, hanging and
dangling.
MARISHA: Can I pull Nott up and roll over and hide
on the rope? Or on the roof?
MATT: Sure. You tug her over onto the roof.
TALIESIN: There you are, dear!
LAURA: Am I 12 damage?
MATT: 12 damage.
LAURA: Okay.
TALIESIN: I'm running with them to see what
happened.
There you are dear! Good god! There were
those hooligans that were roughing us up earlier.
Are you all right?
LAURA: They hurt me so bad.
TALIESIN: I knew you were going to be okay,
anyway. Do you mind helping?
MATT: Make a deception check.
TALIESIN: I know. Fucking--
TRAVIS: Come on!
LIAM: Come on, Tal!
TALIESIN: Nope. Four.
LAURA: But I was helping because I'm bloody.
MATT: You should have said before the roll.
(groaning)
MATT: Okay. They both go "All right, miss." They
pick you up and the other guy takes your arm and is like--
TALIESIN: Hey, I'm only a little drunk.
MATT: "Right. All right." They drag you and start
bringing you towards the gates out of the
Tri-Spire.
TALIESIN: That's fair.
MARISHA: So wait, she was on the other side of the
gate?
TALIESIN: Yeah.
MARISHA: Okay.
TALIESIN: That's fair.
MATT: So you two make your way--
LAURA: But I'm staying at the Pillow Trove
tonight.
MATT: "Miss, you've got to sober up and you can
find your way back tomorrow morning." So they
escort you out of the Tri-Spire. You guys are
pushed beyond the gates and there's now eight
guards at each gate that are preventing any
passage in and out. You guys are shoved back out
into the city.
TALIESIN: You're a gofficer and a nentleman. Thank
you very much.
MATT: However, that distraction gives you guys
enough time to get the rest of you over and down
to the beyond the tree.
MARISHA: Okay, yeah. I like do a climber's loop
harness and tie Nott around me, around my middle
section and then get over.
MATT: Okay. So you guys all get across. You
leaving the rope there or are you detaching it?
MARISHA: No, I'm trying to detach it if I can. No
trace.
MATT: Okay.
TRAVIS: I love his facial expressions from here.
MATT: Make a dexterity check.
LIAM: Work that shit. This is--
MARISHA: Fucking-- Gil! Gil, you're a piece of
shit today!
MATT: Aw, Gil.
MARISHA: Six. I love you, Gil.
LIAM: How far away is where the grapple is hooked
from us right now?
MATT: It's about ten feet from you.
LIAM: I cast Unseen Servant. Schmidt lifts up the
grapple and tosses it free.
MATT: Okay. The rope does break, and the grapple
bends. The grapple's not usable anymore. You do
remove the evidence, but the grapple’s not usable
at the moment.
MARISHA: Your lips are getting purple again.
TRAVIS: Faces of death.
MATT: As you guys pull yourselves away from the
vicinity about 45 minutes later as you guys are
collecting yourselves eventually the paralysis
wears off.
LAURA: Oh.
MATT: It lasted for an hour total.
LAURA: Oh my god.
LIAM: Wow.
TALIESIN: You had time to think about that.
SAM: The chest is trapped.
MATT: What are you guys doing?
LAURA: We are booking it to try to get to the
sewer entrance so we can get back in.
MARISHA: It will-- I guess--
TALIESIN: Wait, yeah.
MARISHA: We'll try and meet up with these guys?
LIAM: We need to get to our next target
immediately.
MARISHA: We need to get to our next target.
LAURA: I've got the fucking letters.
MARISHA: Correct. So they'll know to meet us
there.
LIAM: Everybody's going to the same place.
MARISHA: Correct. Let's get there and then we'll
wait for Jester and Jester.
MATT: Yeah. Ulog pulls out a pocket watch and he
looks and it and is like "Oh, she better fucking
hurry up. Let's go." You guys make your way over
towards where the High-Richter's home is.
SAM: How is she going to get back in to the--
TALIESIN: We can disguise you.
MATT: The two of you guys head back--
LAURA: Oh yeah, I have the disguise charm.
TALIESIN: Well, no, the charm won't work.
MATT: You guys are heading back to where the sewer
is, you're saying?
TALIESIN: I was thinking about pushing straight
through the front door again.
LAURA: You want to try?
TALIESIN: I've got a coat and a mask.
LAURA: Is there another entrance we can go to?
MATT: There is another entrance. It's on the
northern side.
LAURA: Well, it'll probably be faster to do that
than to go--
MATT: Could be.
LAURA: Okay. We'll book it to the other entrance.
MATT: Okay, you rush around through the street.
You make your way back to the northern gate to the
district and there there is another nine or ten
guards stationed, with one on the top of the wall
with their crossbow ready.
LAURA: I'm pristine and sober.
MATT: As you approach, "Hey! Sorry, no entry. The
gala is tonight."
LAURA: I know. We're going to the gala.
Obviously.
TALIESIN: Masked.
MATT: Make a deception check.
SAM: Because all the checks tonight have been so
good.
MATT: I know. The rolls have been phenomenal.
LAURA: Okay! 18.
MATT: 18?
LAURA: Yes.
MATT: Gives you both a look over.
"All right, then."
LAURA: We run as soon as we’re in.
MARISHA: How long were we waiting there? Were we
waiting long enough to where we can take a short
rest?
MATT: Yeah. Because of-- yeah, you can take a
short rest.
MARISHA: Fuck yeah.
MATT: You get that back.
LAURA: I guess I'll cast Cure Wounds on myself as
we're running.
SAM: Short rest? Can we use hit dice?
MARISHA: Yes, we can.
MATT: So you guys get to use hit dice, they do
not.
TALIESIN: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Okay, eight points healed.
TALIESIN: That's nice.
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: Psst, Marisha, how do you tell how many hit
dice you have?
MARISHA: It is generally your level plus whatever
your class is. So I'm 1d8 plus three.
TALIESIN: It's in your short rest button.
SAM: It is?
MARISHA: Oh no, sorry. I currently have 3d8.
TALIESIN: Short rest is down at the bottom.
MATT: There you go.
LAURA: Okay. So we're trying to avoid the guard so
we don't get spotted again and get kicked out again.
MATT: Yeah. You guys carefully find a space that's
away and out of sight, probably by one of the
small fountains on the side and you all sit there
and rest for a bit, having drinks. Eventually, you
guys manage to catch up with the rest of the group
as they're finishing their short rest. You've
reconvened, you have your materials.
LAURA: That went really well, I think. Did we put
everything back in order before we left the room?
We did, right? Yes, we did.
MARISHA: Yeah, I mean, good enough. The only thing
that's going to be obviously missing is the fucking rug!
LAURA: The magical rug.
MARISHA: I wasn't anticipating a rug. But we beat
the rug. Get it? We beat the-- we beat it.
TALIESIN: Is this a thing that really happened?
LAURA: Yeah, there was a rug that turned to life
and attacked us.
MATT: Ulog's staring at his pocket watch, again
looking off at the gala in the distance, is like
"All right, if we're going to fucking do
something, let's do it."
LAURA: Let's go! We go to the High-Richter's
house.
MARISHA: Ulog. How much longer do you think is
left of this gala?
MATT: "Ah," and he looks off and is like, "I don't
know. Fuck it. Let's go now. I can't wait any longer."
MARISHA: Molly. If the High-Richter tries to come
back, you have to drunkenly distract her. Okay?
You cannot let her come in this house.
SAM: How are we getting into this house?
MARISHA: Well, we scouted it before.
SAM: Yeah. We found out that there's a door.
MARISHA: And more guards.
SAM: But that doesn't give us a way in.
MARISHA: Same plan. Just go with it.
SAM: But there's no trees!
MARISHA: Shut up! There is!
LAURA and MARISHA: Are there trees?
MATT: No. You're on the outskirts of the home, and
you've been here once before, this wall is not an
iron gate. It's an actual solid, tall stone and
mason wall that’s pretty tight. There's maybe a
three-foot gap between the side of the house, like
three or four-foot gap from the side of the house
to this. The building is two stories. There is the
upper balcony that overlooks the whole exterior of
the area before it. There are the two guards at
the front.
SAM: We need to take them out and go through the
front door.
LAURA: Maybe-- Fjord.
TRAVIS: Do you want to look like the High-Richter
and walk in without saying anything?
SAM: You?
LAURA: You want to be a guard and I can look like
the High-Richter?
TRAVIS: Let's do it.
LAURA: Okay.
MARISHA: We met the High-Richter before, you know.
Yeah.
LAURA: Yes. Okay.
TRAVIS: Yep, I'll Disguise Self to look like a
crownsguard.
LAURA: I cast Disguise Self and look like the
High-Richter.
MATT: Okay. In what outfit?
LAURA: (muttering) Oh, god.
MARISHA: She had ceremonial armor--
LAURA: Yes, but she was probably going to the gala
tonight.
MARISHA: That was gold and white ceremonial armor.
Yeah, but I'm sure--
SAM: Wait, before you do this, why don't we go to
the festival and see what she looks like?
MARISHA: We don't have time.
LAURA: There's no time.
LIAM: What if she came home with some crazy
outfit? Crazy cloak.
LAURA: I'm going to put her in a cloak that looks
like it had wine spilled on it. Like, covering up
the rest of the outfit, a big--
SAM: A white cloak?
LAURA: A white cloak that looks like it had red
wine spilled down the front. Fjord, you explain to
the guards that I'm very pissed off because
someone spilled their drink on me.
TRAVIS: Yep.
MATT: All right. What are the rest of you guys
doing?
SAM: I'm going to go around and see if there's any
other entrances, or if there's any other guards
around the perimeter.
MARISHA: I join Nott. We'll flank.
MATT: Make a perception check with advantage,
because they're helping you on this one.
SAM: Okay, seven.
MARISHA: What the fuck?
MATT: You don't see any secret entrances, you
don't see any other gates. Looks like the front
door is the main way to get in, or over the wall.
There is no one watching the back, as it is a
solid gate. It seems like the only entrance is
from the front, and that's probably intentional
from a defensive standpoint.
LIAM: How high is the wall?
MATT: The wall is about-- let me check real fast.
This would be seven-foot.
LIAM: Seven foot? Frumpkin's on top of the wall.
What do I see?
MATT: You glance down. A small area of wildflower
and natural bushes have grown to fill the space in
between, where it's thigh-high. There is a door in
the back, near the wall, with a small yard, maybe
a ten-foot yard, towards the very back area.
There's a small porch area with nice chair and a
little reading nook. There's a book left outside
that looks like it got rained on and forgotten,
it's dried and crinkled. There is a door that
leads in from the back of that porch area there.
LIAM: Are there any people?
MATT: There are no people in the back.
MARISHA: You want me to give you a boost?
LIAM: Yeah. I relayed that all to them. There's
nobody back there, right? Yeah. Seven feet tall. Easy.
MARISHA: Nott, come on, ready? Me and Caleb. One,
two, three.
SAM: (squeals)
MATT: Make an athletics check. Sorry, acrobatics,
for you.
LAURA: Why are you going in?
MARISHA: Just in case? Backup.
SAM: 17.
MATT: Without even touching the wall, you
double-flip in the air and land, ever so silently.
You almost land on the book table, causing it to
knock over, but you just miss it. You're there
quietly now, there's the door across the way. What
are you guys doing?
TRAVIS: We're going in.
LAURA: We're disguised and we're walking straight
up.
MATT: You approach the two guards and they both
look at each other.
LAURA: I look incredibly angry.
TRAVIS: I'm about ten feet in front of her, and I
walk up. All right lads, open up. She's in one of
her moods. Had wine spilled all over her. Hurry
up!
MATT: Make a deception check.
SAM: This is it.
TRAVIS: 22.
MATT: 22. They both go, "Oh, shit. Right in."
TRAVIS: Quickly, I like this detail. Open up.
MATT: One pulls out the key unlocks the gate. They
open from each side as you rush through. Make a
deception check for you as well.
LAURA: Just walking?! Why? I'm walking!
MATT: With advantage, because you're dressed as
her.
SAM: Thank god. Much better.
LAURA: That's 18.
MATT: They both go, "Ma'am." They both pull back,
frightened. You go to the front door. It's locked.
SAM: Oh, no.
TRAVIS: You fools, open the door. Don't you
see she's in a state?
MATT: One of them rushes forward and unlocks it,
glancing out of the side of his eye towards you, shaking.
LAURA: I breathe really hard.
TRAVIS: I am so sorry, High-Richter. I assure you,
this night is almost over. Would you hurry up?!
MATT: "Gah!" Opens the door and it throws open.
TRAVIS: I follow in behind her.
MATT: They close the door quietly behind you.
LAURA and TRAVIS: (breathe deeply)
LAURA: Is anybody inside the house?
MATT: No. It is dark. There is no light source on
the inside right now.
TRAVIS: I've got darkvision. Can I see anything?
MATT: It's low light through the vicinity. You see
the interior chamber that is--
MARISHA: (hyperventilating)
MATT: It is gaudy as fuck in here. You see all the
walls have really intricate siding and there's
inset designs that are carved into it, with
statues and busts of various elven figures. The
main chamber leads to a spiral staircase that
leads to the second floor. You see three busts on
each side of all these different elven, very
regal-looking figures adorning each side. You see
around the side of it to the right, there appears
to be a dining hall with a long table.
(metal hitting the table)
SAM: Sorry.
MATT: There you go. To the left it, looks like a kitchen vicinity,
and there's the spiral staircase that leads up.
TRAVIS: We should go up.
LAURA: There were a lot of traps in the last house
we were in.
MATT: Outside of the wall where you guys are,
Ulog's like, "My turn. Give me a lift?"
MARISHA: Fuck. God, are you sure, Ulog?
LIAM: You're going up?
MATT: "Are we not going in?"
LIAM: I'm going in with her. Kneel down. I'm going
to climb up on his back and start to try to climb.
MATT: Make an athletics check.
LAURA: Why? Why are we adding more things to
this?
MARISHA: You at least need a rogue. All you need
is the rogue.
TRAVIS: Don't have to do it all.
LIAM: 17.
MATT: 17. You climb up over the wall and get to
the very top. He puts his hands up. "Help me."
MARISHA: Ulog. No, Ulog, why don't we stay? They
can plan it. Let's just fucking stay.
MATT: "Because I helped put this together. I want
to be here. I want to make sure this happens."
MARISHA: Ulog, listen to me. You are here. You are
a part of it, just let them do this. Trust us.
MATT: "Understand, she might have paperwork up
there that could absolve my wife."
MARISHA: Ulog, this is not the point of why we're
here in the moment. Stay focused. We can get your
wife out later. Don't blow the whole operation
because of your wife.
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
MARISHA: Fuck.
SAM: Beau's got all the persuasion.
MARISHA: Yeah, it's not my thing, you guys.
Four total.
MATT: He gives you a nice, solid look and goes,
"Understood," and then leaps up onto the wall and
off the other side, landing next to Nott.
LIAM: Oh, he leaps? I was going to say, seeing
that argument, that I dropped down to the ground
on the other side. And not help him.
MATT: He glances up, sees you gone, and leaps. He
barely crests the top. He's a nimble dwarf.
MARISHA: He could cost us everything.
TALIESIN: Slightly ahead of the house, so I can
see if people are going to be approaching the
house, I put my jacket down and set up a little
busking. A mild busk.
TRAVIS: Jester, I know we have to move, and it's
not our thing, can we roughly check the stairwell
for traps?
MATT: Make an investigation check.
LAURA: Same, I'm looking around.
MATT: Make it with advantage.
TRAVIS: Natural 20.
MATT: As you glance about the space, you can see
the statues that are facing each other on each
side, it looks like the dust on the pedestal is
brushed off in an arc, like they are often rotated.
TRAVIS: This is set up to-- wait a minute. If we
came home, there's got to be a way to turn it off,
right? I mean, if she had walked in, she wouldn't
be trying to look out for the traps. Maybe there's
something by the door jamb or in the wall, or
something we can press.
LAURA: There was a little brick that turned off
all the magic things in the other place, so maybe
can I look around on the walls and see if there's
some sort of--
TRAVIS: Can we check the door jambs and the
walls?
LAURA: To see if there's a trigger to stop all the
traps?
MATT: Because you rolled a natural 20, you notice
that the dust that's grinding is from the sliding
of the statues, and they all seem to slide towards
the stairs. If you look where the dust is on them,
there's a slight outcropping on each of them and
the position appears like they have been moved
many times away-- they're facing each other-- to
look toward the stairs.
LAURA: Let's turn them. We turn them together.
TRAVIS: The same time, one at each.
TRAVIS and LAURA: One, two, three. (stone
grinding)
MATT: As you do that, they both (stone grinding),
and you hear this (click) sound. The first two,
they shift over towards that, matching the space
where the dust had shifted, and you hear a slight
click or release sound.
TRAVIS: Okay. We head up the stairs.
LAURA: Yeah, sure. We start walking to look for
her room.
MATT: There's three sets of these. So you do one
then the other.
TRAVIS: Each one. One, two, three, one two three.
MATT: You do it together, all three of them shift,
and with each one you hear a click and release.
You guys are in the backyard. Are you doing
anything?
SAM: I'm going to try to open the back door.
MATT: The three of you are back there with the
lock.
LIAM: I cast Detect Magic.
MATT: The back door is locked. Make an
investigation check, if you'd like.
SAM and MATT: Natural 20.
MARISHA: It's coming back around!
MATT: I know, look at this! The back door is
locked, it is not trapped.
SAM: Okay, I will unlock it.
Not so good. Nine.
MATT: You go and get the tools in there and it
gets stuck.
SAM: Ulog! Ulog, I need your help.
MATT: "Oh, so now you need my help. Perfect."
Yeah, that'll do it. He goes ahead and takes them
from you and then (click), gets it, pulls them out
gently, hands them back to you.
SAM: Does he come around the back of me?
MATT: Like Ghost-style? He does so, but he does so
begrudgingly. He's like (grumbles). He pulls away
and quickly gets it, and hands them back to you.
"Here you go."
SAM: The pleasure was all mine.
MATT: "Ugh." Opens the door, you guys hear the
slight creaking of a doorway down in the second
floor as you're ascending the stairs.
LIAM: I grab both of her shoulders and peer in to
see if anything glows.
MATT: You glance inside. It does not appear
anything in the vicinity-- It's a dining room. You
can see the opposite side of a long table with
chairs. Make a perception check.
SAM: At a time like this?
TRAVIS: Our front door creaked open when we came
in?
MATT: No, you heard a door down below. You heard
them enter from elsewhere in the building, but you
just heard a (creak).
MARISHA: Do I still see Frumpkin on the wall?
MATT: What?
MATT: Yes.
MARISHA: I'm going to try and get Frumpkin's
attention. "Tell Caleb to watch out for Ulog."
MATT: (meows) Jumps down into the back and goes
and catches up to you. You glance inside. Nothing
magical catches your attention in the chamber.
MARISHA: Can Beau be casing and be full-on stealth
mode watching for anything?
MATT: Yes. Make a stealth check? You, as you begin
to set up busking, one of the other guards
wandering by comes by, kicks your cards a bit, and
goes, "Hey, hey! Move along. No street busking,
too late. Gala's on."
TALIESIN: Oh, no, I'm on break. One on the house?
MATT: "I said piss off. Keep moving."
TALIESIN: I'm going to very slowly put my stuff
together and fold it all up.
MATT: He sits there and watches you do it.
TALIESIN: Move around, yeah, but as long as I have
an eye on the main thoroughfare.
MATT: Okay. What did you roll for stealth?
MARISHA: Ten. I'm going to flip my coat to the
brown side.
MATT: You walk around, as you're casing the joint,
as you're watching, you keep an eye on the two
guards to the front. The two guards are looking
out, and one of them makes eye contact with you,
and as you walk, he watches you walk, and you
realize that moment that you've been noticed.
MARISHA: I keep walking.
MATT: You're being watched from a distance.
LAURA: You've been made!
MARISHA: I keep walking and I look casual. Do I
see any crowded areas?
MATT: No, most everybody's at the gala right now.
You can see in the distance, you can see the
party's still going on. The music's still playing
from the distance. There's still drinking and
revelry muffled in the distance, the din of the
crowd giving this low (distant cheering).
MARISHA: If I get a chance, I want to try and lose
him.
MATT: He's not following you. He's just watching
you as you walk. So you're going to try and move
out of his eyesight?
MARISHA: I'm going to try and move around, yeah,
and move out of his eyesight.
MATT: You move out of his eyesight.
MARISHA: Anything? Do I notice any following me?
MATT: Perception check.
MARISHA: Balls.
TRAVIS: Not today.
MARISHA: Ten again.
MATT: Nothing seems to catch your eye, no one
following you. You guys, you heard the creak from
downstairs. What are you doing?
LAURA: What's that? Do you think somebody just got
home?
TRAVIS: We've got to keep going. We can't stop
now.
LAURA: Okay. We keep looking for traps up on the
top floor and looking for a bedroom.
MATT: You head to the top floor. Investigation
check, both of you. You guys, what are you doing?
LIAM: What do we see? What do we see where we
are?
MATT: There's a long dining room table with chairs
set up.
LIAM: Doors out of here?
MATT: It leads out into a foyer area.
TRAVIS: 19 investigation.
LAURA: Nice, 15 for me.
MATT: You get to the second floor. There's a small
landing and a singular door. The door does not
appear to be locked or trapped.
SAM: Want to send Frumpkin in?
LIAM: No. We move forward. You ten feet in front
of me. I will look for magic, you will look for
physical obstacles. Here we go.
SAM: Great. Let's go. (chanting) Checking for
traps.
LIAM: (chanting) Checking for magic.
MARISHA: Checking for traps, checking for traps.
MATT: As you guys head through the dining area
into the main foyer, you see there is the hallway
that leads into the kitchen, the staircase that
spirals upward, and these statues that are all
facing towards the stairs. The statues give off a
magical glow, and you hear the sound of a (creak)
upstairs, a door slowly creaking open. As you guys
look into the chamber, as the door swings open,
you see a darkened bedroom, equally gaudy as the
rest of the house. You can see along the walls
there are portraits of men, human, different ages,
that are all lining it.
SAM: It's One Direction.
LIAM: No!
MATT: You can there's a small chamber, an archway
that leads into a washroom. You can see an ivory
basin that's barely visible from the little bit
the moonlight that's coming through, a gable
window on the opposite side of the chamber.
LAURA: What's a gable window?
SAM: I think you have one at your house. In your
kitchen?
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: It protrudes a bit, arcs, then ends there.
In the center of where that gable window is,
there's--
LIAM: A kraken.
MATT: A roller desk. The front has been rolled
shut. There's a door on each side of the gable
window that leads to the balcony that you saw
before, that looks over everything. It's a giant
glass window that looks out over the city. It has
a beautiful view of the Tri-Spires and the gala in
the distance. You can see the light emanating over
the dark night sky.
LAURA: This might be a good place to leave the
letter.
LIAM: Can you message the others?
MATT: There is a large bed, and floor itself is
covered in tiger and animal skins as a means of
decor in the space. The walls themselves are a
faint gray-blue velvet texture. It's terrible.
That's what you have in front of you.
LAURA: Should we look for traps in here?
TRAVIS: Yeah, one more time.
LAURA: One more time, we're looking for more
traps.
TRAVIS: Anything that's an obvious trap in the
bedroom.
LIAM: We're moving through the foyer.
SAM: I cast Message upstairs blindly, not knowing
where they are, saying: we're in the house, we're
coming up to help you. You can, of course, reply
to this message.
MARISHA: Oh my god, you're on fire!
TRAVIS: 23 investigation.
LAURA: Nice. I rolled a 12 investigation. I
respond, and I say: We're upstairs in her bedroom
or office or something.
SAM: They're upstairs! Let's go! Ulog, they're not
upstairs.
MATT: "Right." You guys all head up the stairs
together as a group. Perception check on both your
guys' points.
SAM: Oh, shit.
LIAM: Girl!
TALIESIN: Nope.
MARISHA: Oh my god.
TALIESIN: Seven.
MARISHA: Oh, did you see it?!
LAURA: Oh god, these lookouts!
SAM: Everyone thinks that Matt is managing three
storylines right now, but there's actually a
fourth that we don't even know about.
MARISHA: Five.
MATT: Five.
TALIESIN: Seven.
MATT: Okay. You guys keep an eye out in the
vicinity. Nothing seems to pique your interest.
MARISHA: I switch my robe.
MATT: Again? Okay. Good to know. All right. You
guys check around. There are no traps in the
vicinity. You do, as you approach the roller desk,
it is locked. There is like an actual keyhole and
there is something that is meant to unlock the
desk.
TRAVIS: Fuck. There's a key.
LIAM: Nott and Caleb are still going up the
stairs.
MATT: Yeah. And Ulog-- you guys all come up to the
landing and you can see the door inside. Nothing
magical in the vicinity other than what you guys
have on yourselves.
LAURA: I feel along the edge under her mattress
and see if I can feel any keys.
TRAVIS: Can I reach underneath the desk and behind
it? Underneath it.
MATT: Okay, make an investigation check.
SAM: Yeah, grope that desk.
LAURA: Anything she's like stuck--
TRAVIS: 17.
SAM: Yes, look at you!
MATT: Reaching around the desk, there's no tricks,
no trips, no buttons or anything. You're looking
through the bed?
LAURA: I'm reaching under her mattress and seeing
if she's stuck anything between.
MATT: Make an investigation check.
LAURA: Natural 20!
(cheering)
TALIESIN: You know what kind of fold she uses in
her undersheet. It's like that.
MATT: Nice. Reaching underneath, you find a hard
object, a binding, and you pull-- it's a book. You
slowly pull it out and take a look at it.
SAM: (whispers) Tusk Love!
LAURA: (laughs) Volume one.
MATT: No. It's a familiar leather tome that was an
illegal story that was previously presented to you
in a smut bookstore that had been hidden in the
cushions of the bed. It has a place marker about
two thirds of the way through.
LAURA: Oh, she's naughty.
MATT: Ulog at this point is looking about the room
as well. He rushes over to the desk where you are
and he goes, "Don't worry, I got this." He's going
to go ahead and attempt to pick the lock on that.
LIAM: Have the vagrants caught up yet?
MATT: Yeah, you guys have all caught up. You're in
the room now.
LIAM: Detect Magic wipe in this room.
MATT: As you glance through, there is a faint
magical essence that begins to appear from the
desk as Ulog (click) opens it. It slides open and
you see a faint glow from a small case about that
large sitting on the desk.
LIAM: Leave that box, that case, that box, be
careful.
MATT: "That's fine." He starts--
LIAM: No, it's not fine!
MATT: No, he's going through paperwork.
SAM: Oh.
MATT: He's grabbing books and he's starting to
thumb through--
TRAVIS: The priority is the letter. Let's start
getting that paperwork.
LAURA: I run over with the letter and can we put
it in her desk to hide it? The sealed letter.
MATT: Yeah. Go ahead and place the letter in
there.
SAM: Should I open the little box again?
LAURA: Oh, is there a fireplace?
MATT: There is no fireplace in this room.
SAM: Schmidt!
TRAVIS: Aren't we supposed to toss the room,
aren't we supposed to make it-- no, we're coming
in and out, so--
LAURA: Is there a wastebasket?
MATT: You don't see a wastebasket necessarily, no.
There's a small, almost like a pot of some kind
that is set next to the desk that looks like it
might be used as a receptacle occasionally.
MARISHA: Oh yeah, like a bedside pot.
LIAM: What is the type of magic emanating from the
case?
MATT: That would be evocation.
LIAM: Evo-- (gasp) that's bad.
TRAVIS: Let's leave it alone. Let's get the
letters in and the seals. Let's place it all.
MATT: Make an intelligence check.
SAM: Suspense!
LIAM: 18.
MATT: 18. While the shape is not familiar to you,
the size and the length of it, you've seen these
type of cases before. They're usually used to
contain important rolled pieces of parchment,
specifically those that need to be protected from
the elements because they contain enchantments on
them. This is a scroll case.
SAM: Ooh! (taps feet rapidly) Take it! Take it!
MARISHA: No trace. Leave no trace!
TRAVIS: What are you doing?
MARISHA: God no, god!
MATT: Ulog is going through papers frantically and
like searching through. He's going to make an
investigation check.
MARISHA: No, don't fucking compromise everything!
LAURA: Caleb, I swear to fucking gods.
TRAVIS: Come on, the letters.
LAURA: Okay, I'll take the-- oh! I'm going to take
the torn piece and hide it under her bed. Then I
have the letter left, the Knights of Requital
letter. Where should I put this?
TRAVIS: I mean, right on the desk, right? We
should put it right there.
LAURA: On the desk as well? No, we should scatter
it around so that if certain things don't get
found-- is there any other good place like, in her
bedside tables or anything like that?
MATT: There looks like a space there, it's a
table, it doesn't have a drawer or anything, it's
just a table you can hide something on or put
something underneath.
LAURA: Is there clutter on the desk at all, or
decorations and stuff?
MATT: A faint bit; there's like a candle and a
small piece of clockwork.
LAURA: I'll fold up the Knights of Requital letter
and hide it under her clock.
MATT: Okay. At that point, Ulog goes--
LAURA: Leave a little bit showing in the back, so
that someone could find if they're investigating.
MATT: Right. There's another thing that you see
there. There is a small box that is wrapped in
silver cord that is resting on the desk on top of
a stack of books.
TRAVIS: We've seen those cords before. Do not
touch that!
LIAM: Also, there is no other magic around this
room in the walls or anything, right?
MATT: Not at the moment.
LIAM: You've indicated everything that's here.
MATT: Everything that you've seen, yes.
LAURA: Are there any windows?
MATT: There are giant gable windows. You have the
most beautiful view of the city.
LAURA: Can we see anything out the window? Is
anybody coming, is--
MATT: Make a perception check.
LAURA: Does it look like the gala is ending?
SAM: Do they open, or are they picture windows?
Wow.
LAURA: Perception check?
MATT: Yes.
LAURA: 21.
MATT: Okay. Well, first off, Ulog at this point is
going through and he goes, "I found it!" He's
reading through and he's like frantically going
through the words. "That fucking bitch."
SAM: What does it say?
MATT: He starts reading out loud as you're
glancing over. He says, "These are the notes on
Illiana's case. Saying that she wanted to show
that even the most unassuming dwarf can be a
cutthroat. She admits that she was innocent, but
did it anyway just to set an example."
LAURA: So we can show this as evidence.
MATT: He takes it and folds it. "Oh yeah, we can."
He holds it in his hand. As you glance over to the
side, you can see the front gate (creak) open.
Sorry, you see it close. (clink) You hear the
sound. You guys hear this as well, though you were
trying to keep an eye over there, you totally
found yourself spacing a bit and didn't notice
something shifting towards the door.
TALIESIN: As I'm walking away from the house, I
start singing loudly, drunkenly (singing) I saw
the moon in old, in the darkness.
LAURA: Somebody just got home!
TRAVIS: We got to get out of here. Let's go!
TALIESIN: I'm going to sing loudly as I'm slowly
drunkenly making my way.
MATT: Okay.
TRAVIS: We laid the letters. Touch nothing! Let's
go!
LAURA: Run, run!
MATT: "Is it all set?"
LAURA: Everything's set! Run! Out the back door!
MATT: "Out the back door. All right." You guys all
heading outside?
TRAVIS: I'm the last one to leave the room.
LIAM: Yeah I grab the scroll case--
MARISHA and TRAVIS: No!
TRAVIS: I summon the falchion. I hold it right up
to his throat.
LIAM: You have to detect that I did it.
TRAVIS: Did you reach for it?
LIAM: Of course I did.
TRAVIS: I was the last one out of the room. Put it
back.
MATT: Make a perception--
LIAM: Are you in the room?
TRAVIS: Yes! I was up here first!
MATT: Hold on. Make a perception check. Make a
sleight of hand check. That's what this is for.
TRAVIS: I said I was the last one in that room.
MATT: You were.
LIAM: Okay.
TRAVIS: Fuck. 13.
LIAM: Eight.
MATT: Eight? You notice him go for it.
TRAVIS: (whoosh) Leave no trace.
LIAM: No, I'm taking this.
TRAVIS: Put it back, or I'll--
LIAM: I'm taking this. This isn't worth my time,
I'm taking this!
TRAVIS: Put it down, or I'll leave you here--
SAM: I pull out my hand crossbow and I point it at
Fjord.
Fjord, put that fucking thing down!
TRAVIS: (buzzing sound) My hand starts to glow
with Eldritch Blast energy. I will fucking leave
both of you here. We're either a team, or you're
working for yourselves. Decide.
MATT: You guys are all watching this from the
landing.
LIAM: I walk out.
LAURA: Somebody's coming.
MATT: As you all slowly come to rest and look
back, and Caleb, as you walk out, you stop at the
landing next to Ulog, and Beau-- oh sorry, you're
not there. You stop next to Ulog as, right there
at the bottom of the stairs looking up, you see,
in a very beautiful, elegant, dark green dress,
the High-Richter Prucine. "Hmm. My, my. I'm glad I
forgot my gift, or I would have missed you
reprobates breaking and entering the home of a
High-Richter. I believe that carries a life
sentence in the Umber Dungeon, wouldn't you say?
If I might ask, what are you looking for? You
have my curiosity piqued." There's a brief pause,
as you're all glancing down. Ulog holds up the
paper in his hand, and he goes, "You. You put my
wife in chains and you know she's innocent! We
got proof now! It's over for you." She chuckles
and scoffs as she falls onto her back leg. "And
how do you plan to deliver it? Curious. You think
my home won't be swarming with guards in a few
minutes?" She pulls a brass bell out from under
her pouch and rings it outside--
LAURA: No-- I was going to say I cast Guiding Bolt
at her, but--
MATT: It's such a fast moment, if you didn't have
anything prepared, it happens too quickly. You're
like "ah!" and the bell rings. "You, stump sucker.
I'll bleed over the extra years of your sentence
into your wife's. That way you can both rot
together on opposite sides of the dungeon." Ulog
looks at you all like, absolute fury and sadness
in his eyes. You see like tears down his cheek.
LAURA: (whispers) Oh, I had it! Shitballs!
TALIESIN: Hold Person?
LAURA: Yeah, I had it prepared, and that's what I
wanted to cast. (fake sobs)
MATT: He goes and takes the paper in his hand and
puts it in your arm, Caleb, making eye contact
with you, and goes, "Promise me you'll see her
freed, friend."
LAURA: I cast Hold Person on her!
MATT: On her?
LAURA: I'm just going to do it.
TRAVIS: Yeah, do it anyway!
MATT: All righty. Natural 20. She resists it. She
goes, "What are you trying--" and Ulog goes,
(roars) grabs towards his neck and runs, leaps off
the stairs towards her and attempts to tackle her.
LAURA: We should take off while he does it.
MATT: You watch-- yeah. He goes and (boof)! She
falls onto the ground and onto the landing of the
spiral staircase. They both slide a moment. You
watch as she goes, "What are you--" and he grabs
and pulls that orange-ish bead that he had on his
necklace and slams it into her mouth and holds it
over. There's a moment of tension before--
(explosion) A flash of white, fiery, burning
light explodes, a fireball sundering the interior
of the staircase. You all have your ears ringing.
The pain's there. The ones that are closest by
would have been you, Caleb; I need you to roll a
dexterity saving throw, please.
SAM: (whispers) It was a suicide!
LIAM: Seven.
MATT: That's a failure.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
MATT: Thankfully a shitty roll for you. That is 21
points of fire damage.
LIAM: Unconscious.
MATT: Caleb goes unconscious onto the ground. As
you guys all come to in the moment, you look down
at the middle of the staircase: the walls are
blackened, the staircase is currently in the
process of burning, and down, you see the twisted,
gnarled corpses of both Ulog and the High-Richter Prucine.
LAURA: (gasps) We have to get out of here!
TRAVIS: Yeah, we got to go.
MATT: You hear (boom).
TRAVIS: Jester, help me! We start backing up,
yeah.
LAURA: I run down, I grab Caleb, and we run out
the back door.
MATT: As you head down the stairway, you can see
the front door being hit from the opposite side.
MARISHA: What do me and Molly see?
MATT: You guys watch this flash of light. The
glass windows shatter outward from the balcony.
The two guards at the bottom go, "Uh!" They
quickly throw open the gate and are now currently
slamming themselves trying to barricade into the
door.
MARISHA: To the back!
TALIESIN: Yeah. We're going to start flanking to
the back.
MATT: Okay. As you guys are rushing, make a
perception check.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
TALIESIN: Natural 20.
MARISHA: 19.
TALIESIN and LAURA: Finally.
MATT: Okay. As you guys are rushing, you suddenly
hear this very loud, high-pitched whine sound.
You're like (pained sound). It causes your head
to-- and you, especially glance over as you begin
to surmise the direction, you look past and you
can see the Tri-Spires there. In the direction,
you see the mighty Zauber Spire, of the Halls of
Erudition there in the distance, and you see there
this growing, black, spherical mass beginning to
emerge from the side of the lower third of the
tower. You watch as it expands, the whining gets
louder and louder.
TALIESIN: I'm going to take cover.
MATT: You hear this crack sound as the black
sphere suddenly folds into nothing, and where it
was, you see all the stone that made that part of
the tower collapse, crush, and then stumble. The
tower begins to slowly shift, as you hear in the
distance screams echoing around. The music stops.
The attention of the guards suddenly shift over
from the banging door to the tower crumbling. You
watch as the tower-- suddenly there's a flash of
blue light, and the tower stops. You see a brief
shift of a force field on the bottom that holds it
in place, partially collapsed. You see two figures
take off from the top.
SAM: What is going on?!
MARISHA: What are the figures?!
MATT: You see two other figures leap out of the
hole from where the explosion, weird black sphere
was at the base of it, and leap down about 35-40
feet, below the tree line. You see the two figures
begin coasting, flying through the air in the
direction where they were, as bolts of energy
start arcing out of their hands towards where
those two other figures fell. The screams are
getting louder now and you can see now the guards
are starting to rush out of the various street
corners. You guys are rushing around-- you were
rushing towards the back, and then slowed as this
started happening. It's distracting you. You guys
start hearing this cacophony outside as you rush
through the back door. You get to the back wall.
What are you doing?
MARISHA: There's something bigger going on other
than us.
TALIESIN: We've got to get out of here.
TRAVIS: Caleb's unconscious; we've got to get him
out.
MARISHA: I try and--
LAURA: I don't have any spells left!
TRAVIS: I have a healing potion, I'll put it in
Caleb's mouth.
MARISHA: I try and get that back door open and try
and get them out.
MATT: You get that door open, you guys start
rushing out there, you heal up Caleb. You come to
consciousness being dragged, your feet grinding.
LIAM: I was doing death saves and it was not going
well. Just for shits and giggles!
(laughter)
SAM: Alone upstairs, I pick up the scrolls and put
them in my pocket.
MARISHA: I mean, the house is on fire now. God
damn.
SAM: I'm going to open the gable windows, if they
open, and jump out them.
MATT: Well, the windows are shattered, the
explosion--
SAM: I jump out the windows and scatter as far as
I can.
MATT: Make an acrobatics check followed by a
stealth check.
MARISHA: Holy shit.
SAM: Ooh, acrobatics, not great. Ten. Stealth,
16.
MATT: Well, you reduce the damage you take by one
die, so you only take two points of bludgeoning
damage. As you land, your ankle twists, and you
tumble and roll and get up. What's your stealth
check?
SAM: 16.
MATT: Using the chaos that way and the guards that
are now out in the middle of the street, you land
behind them. One of them goes to turn in your
direction, and you dart behind the wall, leap over
the side and arc around to meet the rest of the
party, as you all slowly begin to climb over the
back wall, where Beau and Molly are waiting for
you.
TALIESIN: We've got to get out of here.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
LAURA: That went so bad!
MARISHA: I think we were a bigger distraction.
SAM: What's going on?
MARISHA: I think there's something else going.
SAM: Did we do this?!
MARISHA: No, we didn't!
SAM: It's Molly, isn't it? Molly did it!
LAURA: We’re running to the sewers!
MATT: Running to the sewers? Everyone make a
stealth check as you're trying to make your way
through there. People are now starting to run back
to their homes, you can see people running and
screaming now, dressed in full attire for the
gala, leaving their masks behind, screaming bloody murder.
TRAVIS: 15.
LAURA: Five.
MARISHA: 12.
LIAM: Five.
SAM: 19.
TALIESIN: 14.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: Give it to me!
TRAVIS: Bunch of teens and a five!
MATT: I know, that's okay. So a couple of bad
rolls, but for the most part, you guys averaged
okay. Thankfully with the chaos, and the way you
are dressed, you manage to push through and mingle
well, it wasn't too hard. You make your way
through the town, you can see the tower still
being held in place and the two figures that you
saw gliding before? As this is happening, and
you're rushing through, you see a few other bolts
hit, a large bolt of lightning grind down in the
distance, before eventually they both begin to
peer over and are now looking up and down the
streets. As you make your way back towards the
alley, over by where the gala is, you see a
shadowed figure dart out from behind, and a bolt
of lightning strike. There's a detonation of
burned ozone as the figure falls to the ground,
smoking.
MARISHA: I go over to the figure, I go over to the
figure.
MATT: As you walk over to the figure, you see one
of the flying entities floating down. You can see
now this robed mage figure, with a staff in hand,
wearing a large ornamental mantle, long grayish
hair, is now gliding down in the direction of the
dark figure of the ground.
SAM: Male or female?
MATT: Male.
LAURA: Steer clear of lightning people!
MATT: Yeah, you guys see this as you come
around--
LIAM: Age?
MATT: The age roughly, from this distance from
what you can see, its later. Older age, 70s human,
if human, but you can't quite get the details. It
starts shouting, "One has fallen. Find the other,"
and coasts back off, doing a pass, looking through
the various streets.
MARISHA: Once he's gone, can I wait to--
MATT: Well, the guards have rushed forwards and
grabbed the body and are now dragging it back
towards the tower.
MARISHA: What does that body look like, though?
MATT: Make a perception check.
TRAVIS: Come on.
MARISHA: Big money-- (screams in anger). Fucking
shit, what is with these fucking rolls! 18. Sorry,
sorry, no, that's super wrong.
MATT: Aw, 18!
MARISHA: I saw an 8 and I was adding shit! 11,
sorry, 11.
MATT: All you can see is the cloak. The cloak is
blocking most of the body, you see a hand behind
that's like a leather gauntlet except for fingers
exposed. The fingers appear to be-- the glove or
design of it are almost like they were dipped in
blue. Like there's some sort of a blue tipped
glove as its dragged back. That's all the details
you can make out, unfortunately, as it's being
pulled away off the street. The guards are now
swarming, people are trying to get back to their
houses. People are swarming the gate out of the
Tri-Spire, and the guards are trying to hold them
back, calm them down, and it’s nearing a riot at
this point. You guys make your way over to the
edge of the sewers, begin to look around for a
moment where nobody's watching, and one by one
make your way down into the darkness, closing it
behind you. As you all get down into the quiet of
the underground, there's a moment where you can
hear the distant muffling of movement. Footsteps,
making their way back and forth across the
alleyway, other yells and screams, information in
the distance, far too far away for you to make out
the details of what's being said. What do you do?
TRAVIS: Those men were flying!
MARISHA: Those men were super powerful.
SAM: We need to get far away from here.
LAURA: We need to get back to the other side. Oh
my gosh.
MARISHA: Who were they targeting?
LAURA: They were targeting-- I don't know!
LIAM: Not us.
LAURA: Are you sure they weren't looking for us?
LIAM: No, I don't think so.
TALIESIN: This was something entirely different.
LIAM: We need to go find a shitty place and lay
low.
MARISHA: He was in blue, his gauntlets were dipped
in blue.
LAURA: Like the Cobalt people?
TRAVIS: Let's get back to the Leaky Tap. We've
seen the power of the Dwendalian Empire. That was
more than anything I've ever seen, we've got to
get back.
LAURA: I've never seen someone fly before.
TRAVIS: Neither have I. Lightning, it turned him
almost into ash. Let's get back, we can talk about
it when we're in our rooms safe.
LAURA: The High-Richter's dead, you guys. That
wasn't part of the plan!
SAM: And Ulog too. I think I was sort of mean to
him.
TALIESIN: What happened?
MARISHA: I tried to get Ulog to stay and he didn't
listen.
TRAVIS: Ulog sacrificed himself. He killed himself
and the Richter.
MATT: Caleb, at this point you glance down and
you're still clutching, in your fingers--
LIAM: The stone?
MATT: No, the paper that Ulog left behind.
LIAM: Oh.
MATT: Are you guys making your way back?
TRAVIS: Hell yeah.
MATT: You're heading back through the sewers the
direction you came.
LIAM: We are walking away.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: Be aware of the rat balloons.
MATT: Barely sneaking away from the insanity of
the district, you walk through the darkened sewers
down the same familiar path that you walked to
make your exit, coming up on one of the false
junctions, where the left side of it is partially
collapsed but the right side continues to where
the T-section is. Beauregard, Caleb and Molly and
Jester, because you guys all have the higher
passive perceptions, you begin to notice this area
where there's no water that drains down the centre
groove of this part, you see spatters of liquid.
LAURA: Does it look dark?
LIAM: What is it?
MATT: Well, there's no light in here currently.
LIAM: Ah. (foomph), Dancing Lights.
MATT: Dancing Lights open up the area here as you
hit the intersection. You see it is dark and red.
MARISHA: Blood.
MATT: It is spatters of blood, and as you glance
up right there at the intersection, you see a
figure, one hand against the wall, breathing
heavily. You glance towards it and take a moment
as the light globes are now shifting out to light
the space. You see a humanoid figure, seemingly
male in outline, adorned in jet black, almost
insect-like leather armour that protrudes in large
sweeping hooks at the joints - the elbow joints,
the shoulders. A helmet that's form-fit black
leather and onyx studs wraps around their head. It
looks demonic, the brow plate sweeping backwards
into rear facing horns. Their other hand is
dangling, clutching a cannonball-sized,
twelve-sided dodecahedron shape, about that big,
that has a handle on each side. It's emitting a
dull undulating grey glow.
TRAVIS: I cast Armor of Agathys on myself.
MATT: As you cast Armor of Agathys on yourself,
the figure, which you now see is the source of the
blood, looks heavily wounded and is breathing
heavily. The lights now up, its head (creaks)
turns towards you and you hear a voice say
(guttural speech). Does anybody here speak
Undercommon?
TRAVIS: Undercommon, anyone?
LIAM: I cast Comprehend Languages.
MATT: What are the components of that one?
LIAM: That is verbal, somatic, and material. A
pinch of soot of salt which I throw out in front of me.
MATT: As you begin to make the incantation, the
figure pulls their hand away and draws this
horrible, gnarly-looking hooked blade from the
sheath, and goes (snarls) and rushes in towards
you. And that's where we're going to pick up next
week.
(yelling)
TALIESIN: No!
LAURA: Everything went to shit!
TRAVIS: It went perfectly, ha!
MARISHA: That was a Crick!
SAM: What's a Crick?
LIAM: People from Xhorhas!
SAM: I thought that was a story.
LIAM: No!
MARISHA: Crick assassins!
LIAM: Trust the porn!
ALL: Trust the porn!
MATT: Always trust the porn.
MARISHA: Edubation! That's why!
SAM: I should've been more edubated.
TALIESIN: You would be doing better if you
edubated every night.
MATT: There were a few chances for you guys to see
High-Richter Prucine arriving, but you kept
rolling low perception on the outside--
MARISHA: They were fucking balls!
MATT: --and I was like, “All right she's going to
get the drop on you guys.” There were so many
different ways that could've gone. But it made for
an interesting story!
TALIESIN: That was a clusterfuck. That was
amazing. You're all terrible people.
LIAM: Edubate once a day.
LAURA: Oh my gosh.
SAM: What?! The Crick--
LIAM: Oh Fjord, it is over. Bromance is over!
TALIESIN: I cannot wait for this shit! I am in
this shit! Finally, I'm so excited.
MATT: Aw, man.
LAURA: It's so good.
MATT: Guys, that was awesome, well done.
TRAVIS: And Nott took it anyway!
MARISHA: I know, she did!
LIAM: She's dead. The owner is dead.
MARISHA: Well, now! At the moment, though, there's
no excuse.
MATT: They don't trust people that don't look
trustworthy like you, Molly.
TALIESIN: Goddamn it.
MARISHA: Of course. Doesn't mean they're not
shitty selfish ones.
LIAM: They are shitty selfish ones.
MATT: All righty guys, thank you so much for
watching. We'll pick this up next week on
Thursday. Talks Machina next week on Tuesday about
this episode. Look forward to seeing you guys who
are coming to C2E2. Until then, have a wonderful
night, have a wonderful weekend,
and is it Thursday yet? Good night.
[no audio]
[music]